*Please note that this is for a software development position in McLean, VA (outside of Washington DC), and we are not able to accommodate remote candidates or candidates needing work visa sponsorship.Ecosystems (www.ecosystems.us), a software company founded in 2000 in McLean, VA, is growing and needs talented developers to build visual, innovative web applications for our blue-chip customers, including Amazon, Intel, HP, and GE.The right candidate is a passionate, creative developer who can both execute and innovate.What are my core responsibilities?Create web applications with intense focus on data visualization and user experienceEcosystems is more about the 'who' than the 'what', but the following are relevant technologies that would provide learning-curve efficiencies:- Angular 4/JavaScript/HTML5- Java/Spring FrameworkGood candidates are leaders who have a curiosity in development across the stackTypical breakdown of front-end to back-end development is 70% to 30%Desire to 'own' the maturation of applications including gathering requirements from internals and end customersResearch potential development technologies and select the optimal path forward based on company needsThe role is for individuals looking for a long-term home in a small, innovative company.More context on our business, the role, and our culture can be found at www.ecosystems.us.
 WorldQuant is a quantitative asset management firm founded in 2007 and currently has over 600 employees spread across more than 20 offices in 15 countries. We develop and deploy systematic financial strategies across a variety of asset classes in global markets, utilizing a proprietary research platform and risk management process.  This role is for a software developer in the middle office development group. The candidate will be working on next generation technology to build a scalable, real time view of the firm’s financial data. As a key member of the team the candidate will have the opportunity to offer new technology solutions to help improve our capabilities. Design, code, and debug operations, reporting, pre and post trade analysis applications on Linux platformsAnalyze requirements, develop/test code, and manage product deliverables to targeted release datesAdhere to the company’s software development methods and guidelinesInterface with users for requirements gathering and specificationInterface with operations support team for deployment and trainingParticipate in all facets of a project’s life cycle from design, implementation, testing, documentation and deploymentProvide support for new and legacy applicationsAct as a mentor to help improve junior members of the team’s technical capabilitiesPossess an advanced knowledge and experience with streaming application development (Kafka, Spark, Redis a plus but not mandatory)Strong understanding and experience with Object Oriented ProgrammingHave strong experience in querying large data sets using SQL languageBe able to design and develop scalable softwareStrong understanding of algorithms and data structuresHave the ability to understand complex systems and be in command of the details to provide solutionsBe self-motivated and take initiative with minimal directionPossess excellent written and oral communication skillsFinance, trading systems and PnL experience a plus but not mandatoryExperience with streaming UI development a plus#LI-RS1 Position based in Austin, TX or New York City, NY. WorldQuant is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation or preference, age, marital status, citizenship, national origin, disability, military status, genetic predisposition or carrier status, or any other protected characteristic as established by applicable law.
Job Summary Rome Technologies, a software development firm, is looking for a motivated mid-level C# developer. We're creating a web-based application in the automotive industry. This is new development, not production support, and the ideal candidate will be able to assist in the evolution of new products. HTML, CSS, and others will be the basis for this new web-based application. This an on-site position. Local Baltimore/Washington D.C. residents only. The candidate will have access to the latest software development tools and packages. About The Role:At least 3-5 years of professional programming experienceUS Citizens only. We cannot sponsor H1B visa folks at this time.Object-oriented analysis and designExperience developing unit testsVisual Studio (2015 or 2017)Recent Graduates with some software development experience are welcome to applyRequired Skills:HTML5/CSS ExperienceSelf-motivated individual with excellent written and verbal communication skillsExcellent problem-solving skillsExperience with collaborative teams using revision control systems (Git)Strong attention to detail and a positive attitudePreferred Skills:Experience with relational databases (preferably Microsoft SQL Server or PostGres)Experience developing C# applications for Android and Windows tabletsBachelor's Degree from an accredited universitySQLXMLJSONXAMLBenefits:Medical, Vision and 401K are available.401K, Company matches 4%Medical is fully paid for the employee and carries a $0 deductibleSalary is commensurate with experience
 Medical Guardian™, named “Best Places to Work” by the Philadelphia Business Journal in 2016 and ranked number 30 in The Philly 100 fastest growing companies, is aggressively seeking a talented and energetic PHP Software Developer to join our IT Department in our extraordinary headquarters in Center City, Philadelphia. Check us out on Glassdoor or The Muse to learn more.  Medical Guardian is a rapidly-expanding Medical Alarm Company that provides mature Americans with an amazing level of independence while giving their loved ones unmatched piece of mind. Position Summary: Medical Guardian is looking for a PHP Software Developer to assist in the design, development, maintenance and day-to-day operation of our business systems across multiple platforms. We have a small development team that is looking for a teammate with great communication skills, a passion for web software development and a need to be challenged by a fast growing company.  Our business systems manage the following elements of the business: Sales (Salesforce.com)Customer Care (Salesforce.com)Partner/Web Interfaces (Proprietary LAMP system)APIs to Fulfillment System (Scout)Call Center Telephony (Five9)APIs to remote medical monitoring centersAPIs to billing system (Sedona) The successful candidate will have 5+ years of software development experience. Candidates should have an entrepreneurial spirit and a true interest in working with a growing company where he/she can create a lasting impression. Candidates should thrive working in a fast paced environment and have an aspiration to build and develop world-class software systems that will take us into the future. Position Duties and Responsibilities:Creates, develops and debugs code written in multiple languages across platforms and environments.Demonstrates an understanding of Object Oriented coding best practices as well as the proper use of MVC architecture.Demonstrates an understanding of database design, encoding and performance based on SQL/MySQL/MariaDB standards.Develops UI/UX integrations provided from creative assets utilizing HTML/CSS/JS methods and frameworks.Learns and adapts to new technologies on a continuous basis.Researches, analyzes and diagnoses system problems and makes recommendations as to their solution.Ensures that documentation changes are performed accurately, and timely. Communicates changes to other team members, as deemed necessary.Manages special projects and assignments as requested by management.Required SkillsSoftware Qualification (required):HTML(5)CSS(3)Javascript/jQueryPHP(5+)SQL/mySQL/Maria DBKnowledge of MVC architectureWAMP/LAMPJSON(P) Data HandlingRESTful API IntegrationSVN (Tortoise or GIT)Software Qualification (highly desired):Salesforce Integration (APEX)CodeIgniterJIRAAngular JSIonic FrameworkPhotoshopSOAP/XML HandlingSEOPhone System/IVR IntegrationAndroid/iOS developmentRequired ExperiencePersonal Qualifications:Has strong interpersonal and relationship-building skills conducive to team development.Completes projects in a timely fashion with as few bugs as possible.Documents all issues, code changes and any relevant information clearly and concisely.Works independently as well as with team members and across departments.Has strong organizational skills and ability to multi-task in a small business environment.Communicates in an understandable, polite and friendly manner, both written and verbal.Coordinates and communications well with multiple vendors.Must be attentive to internal customer service; able to take full ownership of projects and related tasks.Keeps up to date on web development trends and best practices.Has strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills and exceptional attention to detail. Job Location  Philadelphia, US-PA
 Exxact Corporation is looking for a senior level Software Developer to maintain, design, develop, customize, test, deploy, and support all internal applications from 3rd party to custom in-house applications, including ERP, CRM, quoting, production, RMA, EDI, and eCommerce applications. Job Responsibilities:Play a key role in team leadership to ensure projects remain on schedule and all target requirements are metResponsible for building large scalable software infrastructureHandles all internal and 3rd party applications, writing custom code, and building on top of 3rd party applicationsManage connections between applications through iPaaS middleware such as Celigo, Dell Boomi, and Muv or via custom solutionsJob Requirements:Experience with Agile framework, Jira project tracking, Git, and software development processesBroad software/application development skillsExpert with JavascriptWorking knowledge of Node.js, Gulp.js used in Netsuite/Suitecommerce development environmentWorking knowledge / familiarity with PHP used in custom applicationsAdditional skills/knowledge: CSS, HTML, Bootstrap, XML, RESTful APINice To Have Skills:Netsuite ERP experience (SuiteScript) is a plusNetsuite SuiteCommerce experience is a plusAWS knowledge / experience is a plus
Join our Data Technologies team as a Software Developer CARFAX is expanding into the Dallas area. Come join our team as a Software Developer on the Data Technologies team that builds intelligent frameworks with modern technologies to support everything in the CARFAX mission from modernizing legacy processes to crafting original back end systems. The Data Technologies team uses Agile development methods to harness revolutionary tools and innovative thinking to bring forward thinking products to fruition. The team is devoted to working smarter by cutting through the nonsense and getting stuff done. The work environment is filled with phenomenal innovation and high-energy with a dedicated team striving towards one goal at full speed. If you are passionate about technology and are looking to accelerate your career while building innovative products, consider a future as a Software Developer on CARFAX’s Data Technologies team.  The CARFAX Culture Having a creative and innovative environment where our developers can collaborate, learn and grow is something CARFAX is passionate about. We have an entire floor dedicated to our techies, designed specifically to enable teams to dream big and produce the best. Along with creating and maintaining awesome software you’ll also be able to participate in our quarterly Hack-a-thon’s or take a break by kicking back and playing the latest game on x-box when you need to re-boot the mind. Oh, and do you happen to have a dog? CARFAX is dog-friendly and no day goes by where you don’t have the chance to visit with one of the visiting pups. We even provide the dog beds, bowls and of course, toys! As a Software Developer, you will:Work in a team environment using Agile practices and methodsDevelop frameworks and tools to process and analyze large amounts of data for business analyticsUtilize Test Driven Development (TDD), Paired Programming and Continuous Integration development methodsCommunicate directly with customers on a daily basisAssist in the migration from legacy systemsConstantly learn from and educate others to improve yourself and CARFAX As a Software Developer, you will be expected to have (minimum required):At least 6 years of professional experience with Object Oriented Programming – in Java or similar languageAbility to solve complex problems and learn from mistakesFamiliarity with database conceptsStrong unit testing and troubleshooting skillsExperience working in a collaborative team environmentExperience in more than one of the following is extremely helpful:Hadoop, Spark, MongoDB, MySQL, ETLDocker, Mesos, SpringGit version controlLinux/UnixTesting frameworks, JUnit, MockitoNatural Language Processing is a plusChef, MVC, HTML5 are a plusDesign patterns is a plusAbout CARFAX You may know CARFAX as the company that has provided trusted vehicle information reports for over 30 years but we are so much more! CARFAX is on a mission to help millions of people shop, buy, own and sell used cars with more confidence. To do this we are constantly expanding our offerings, and stretching into new areas in order to provide needed, trusted assistance to consumers at all points of the car buying, ownership, and selling lifecycle. At CARFAX we invest in the growth of our employees and offer rewarding, creative, fast-paced work, as well as many other opportunities to challenge you in your career.
Software Engineer ADARA is seeking a Software Engineer for our headquarters at Palo Alto, California. This role offers a great opportunity for a self-motivated, problem solver who enjoys fresh challenges and the opportunity to work in unfamiliar areas. The Software Engineer will be responsible for design, develop, test and maintain various client facing enterprise level applications in a fast-paced environment. ResponsibilitiesDesign simple engineering solutions to complex product problems by understanding business needsReview code and maintain high coding and design standards in the teamResponsible for conducting breakdown of product requirements to modular codeDesired Profile and ExperienceAt least 2 years of experience in a web product based companyExpertise in Java, JavaScript and MySQL requiredFamiliarity with Netezza, Google Compute Cloud is a plusExpertise in AngularJS, JavaScript, HTML requiredFamiliarity with react, grunt, gulp, libraries, node is a plusConscientious attention to detailSolid verbal and written communication skills to collaborate with internal and external stakeholders.

 Sales Partnerships, Inc. is seeking a Software Developer to join our team. As a software developer, you will be a part of a small autonomous team in an agile environment. You will deliver functionality which will enhance our internally developed sales platform. We are a rapidly growing company where time to market and value add are key differentiators. You will play a key role in defining and implementing our next generation software, which is key to our success.  Sales Partnerships is the most-awarded and fastest growing business to business field sales and marketing outsourcing organization in North America. We partner with respected brands to identify their highest-value opportunities, address their most critical market challenges, and accelerate revenue. Our customized approach combines CRM, GIS, big data analytics, and customer data with tightly controlled processes and highly-trained sales staff. This approach ensures our clients develop deeper market insights and predictable revenue. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIESDevelop new software packages and modules in the Google Cloud environment.Develop new features including user interface enhancements, integration between applications and databases, and machine learning algorithms.Utilize a variety of GIS software methods to perform geospatial shapefile changes and modify spatial data sets.Gather end user functional and nonfunctional requirements to develop software scope.Contribute to team effort with related tasks as needed.QUALIFICATIONSComputer science or mathematics degree or equivalent work experience.Experience with C++, Java, Python, JavaScript, or RESTful web services.Minimum 2 years in Agile environment with products released to external customers preferred.Experience with Microsoft SQL, PostgreSQL, or Hadoop.Experience working on a large software project a plus.Experience with the Google Maps API or Google Cloud AI a plus.Knowledge of GIS software a plus.COMPENSATION60k to 80k Base Salary+ DOEBenefit package with 401k matching planBonus
 Software Development Engineer I Location  WA, Seattle Division  Product Development Requisition ID 651Apply NowAs a Software Development Engineer, this role will report directly to the Software Development Manager for our primary web application. You will be working with a team that handles a combination of front-end and back-end web-based technologies to help sustain and grow the suite of customer configuration and efficiency tools currently in use. The tech stack includes JavaScript client side (Angular), PHP and Postgres on the backend. WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING:Develop new user-facing featuresMaintain and improve existing websiteBuild reusable code and libraries for future workOptimize application for maximum speed and scalabilityCollaborate with other team members and stake holdersStay up-to-date on emerging technologiesCreate durable and tested codeLeave behind more documentation than you started withWHAT YOU'LL BRING TO THE TEAM:Bachelor in Software Engineer, Computer Science, or the equivalent in demonstrable work experience1-2 years of web development experienceKnowledge of software design patterns and data structuresKnowledge of AngularJS (or other JS Framework) practices, design patterns, and commonly used librariesExperience with mobile-friendly development approaches such as responsive design and adaptive design is a plus.Experience with version control systems; familiarity with git preferredDemonstrated passion about technology, have a strong interest in learning about and playing with the latest technologies
 Have you ever gone to work on Monday and wondered, “Why am I here”? Have you ever wondered why you can't have a good time while doing what you love? Here is your chance to do the programming and development that you love and enjoy coming to work at the same time! We encourage a great work environment where our employees have fun while doing what they love.  Our software development team is growing and we are currently seeking a Software Developer. We are seeking a smart, energetic and creative individual who is passionate about developing robust websites and applications. Description This position is for a Software Developer who will develop and enhance our externally-facing websites and well as our various internally-facing web applications. Qualified candidates will have software development lifecycle experience in application design, development, testing, integration and client support. Experience and Background The target candidate will have: 3-5 years proficiency in PHP on professional projectsExperience with RESTful service development and API designExperience with MVC design patterns, preferably with the Laravel or CodeIgniter frameworksExperience with SQL. Must be proficient enough to understand and provide database interaction knowledge and troubleshooting techniquesAbility to work in a team environment and/or directly with clients It would be preferred if the candidate has experience with: MongoDBAgile or other extreme programming methodologiesxUnit frameworksApache and/or NginxSVN, Hg, or Git versioning technologiesShell Scripting (Bash, PowerShell, etc.)Mobile app developmentDeveloping with Node.jsOData REST ISO StandardJavaScript frameworks such as React JS & Native, Express, Restify Company benefits include competitive compensation, medical/dental/vision/disability insurance options, paid time off (PTO), company holidays, on-site gym, telecommute/remote work options and more.
 Nyansa is looking for an enthusiastic network software developer to help build a new, vendor-agnostic IT network analytics service purpose built for CIOs, network operations and helpdesk personnel managing heterogeneous enterprise environments. Our product, Voyance, is focused on the end user experience by helping IT staff gain new insights into client access conditions, network service behavior and enterprise applications issues that impact user performance.  Nyansa, Inc. is well funded and provides a competitive compensation package, stock options, benefits, catered lunch, and a fun work environment.  We’re located within a 1 min walk from the Palo Alto Caltrain station in a nice area of downtown Palo Alto. Team Nyansa is made of an awesome group of intellectual individuals who value hard work, but don't take themselves too seriously. Responsibilities:Design and implement high performance network software applicationsImplement data collectors for new network infrastructure and application servers using a combination of vendor provided APIs, SNMP, and syslogRequirements:Strong experience in C/C++ and PythonDeep understanding of networking protocols including TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, Radius, and SNMPExperience with Wi-Fi technology stackExperience with multi-core/multi-thread programmingHigh degree of competency working in Linux/Unix environmentBS in CS or related fieldPluses:Proficiency in JavaWorking experience with Intel DPDK
 Q2 is seeking an ambitious and adaptable Software Developer to join our Professional Services team. In this role you will work in a collaborative, agile environment to extend and customize the Q2 Platform to meet the requirements of our Financial Institution Customers. This includes building web pages, building back end components, interacting with 3rd party APIs through our platform, and reading/writing to our product database schema. RESPONSIBILITIES:Review and understand the use cases, specifications, and requirements of each Statement of WorkDesign product extensions that leverage the Q2 Wedge FrameworkImplement and unit test back end componentsImplement and unit test front end web pagesSupport internal and external testing as well as resolve bugs in a timely mannerDeploy code to customer environmentsAccurately track and report time spent on customer projectsAccurately track and report status of your work on customer projectsResponsible for ensuring that all security, availability, confidentiality and privacy policies and controls are adhered toWork collaboratively with othersEXPERIENCE AND KNOWLEDGE:3 – 5 years of professional software development experienceProficient in PythonProficient in SQLProficient in JavaScript and CSSDemonstrated ability to apply good design principals while exercising pragmatism to keep deadlinesStrong analytical and problem-solving skillsEffective written and verbal communication skillsExperience contributing in an Agile development environmentOccasional availability for on-call/emergency supportAbility to work flexible hours when necessary for deadlines and off-hours installations
 We are looking for a self-motivated and energetic front-end software engineer to join our  software development team working on network and application assurance products in  San Jose, CA. The ideal candidate will be able to translate UI/UX design wireframes to actual code that will produce visual elements for the applications. Major Responsibilities:Develop new user-facing featuresBuild reusable code and libraries for future useEnsure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designsOptimize application for maximum speed and scalabilityCollaborate with other team members and stakeholdersCreate quality mockups and prototypesHelp backend developers with coding and troubleshootingStay up-to-date on emerging technologiesKey Requirements:B.S. of CS/EE/CEE with minimum of 1-3 years or M.S with minimum of 1-2 years of experience is highly preferredAdvanced Javascript knowledge. Strong experience with ES6 preferredProficient understanding in one or more of the following client-side Javascript frameworks/libs: React, Emberjs, Backbone, Jquery, Dojo, Angularjs, D3.Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3Good understanding of CSS pre-processors, such as SASS and LESSFamiliarity with Javascript tools like Webpack, Grunt, or GulpStrong experience with NodejsGood understanding of Git.Ability to take an idea to a beautiful, user-friendly implementation is strongly desiredExperience with Java, C/C++, PHP is a bonusExperience with UI/UX design and design software like Sketch, Photoshop and Balsamiq is also a bonus

 Current employees and contingent workers click here to apply and search by the Job Posting Title.  iHeartMedia Job Summary: Develops new and enhances or maintains existing software components. ResponsibilitiesServes as the expert in object-oriented and component-based development, patterns and design for reuse; applies test driven design and works towards automating and standardizing practices.Sets and achieves build schedules; builds and maintain a suite of native apps.Eliminates impediments and performs design and code reviews.Builds intermediate to highly complex, high quality software components by analyzing, creating, designing and coding, troubleshooting and unit testing for new products.Creates and executes installation scripts.Designs new features and enhancements for existing products.Delivers high quality software components with minimal defects; identifies and resolves errors and related software problems.Creates and documents component specifications and detailed designs by working with Architects to implement specific system architecture; analyzes customer and internal requirements and specifications, and translates into the software design.Identifies and resolves potential risks and issues; works in teams to implement mitigation plans and processes.Builds and delivers phase exit review items; works with team members to follow CCIT processes and practices for project delivery.Works with and adapts iHeartMedia’s Continuous Integration environment to ensure a smooth and high quality release cycle in a fast-paced Agile environment.QualificationsAbility to architect and create an Automation Framework using Selenium, Appium, and/or open source technologiesCan build advanced automated functional and load test suites to exercise iHeartRadio’s ApplicationDemonstrated in-depth understanding of the software delivery life cycleStrong ability to perform and utilize testing techniques to troubleshoot hardware and software configuration issues; good debugging skillsAbility to write and execute test cases for the overall iHeartRadio platform, which includes mobile, Internet-enabled devices and web browser, with an emphasis on functionality and features of the productDemonstrated ability to conduct testing, including end-to-end and user acceptance testing phases, using best practices in software testing agile methodologiesAbility to design software using OOA/D, UML, design patterns, data modeling, and ERDsAdept at profiling and tuning applications for CPU/memory useCan increase the maintainability of codebase by writing future-proof code with an emphasis on extensibility and reusabilityDetail oriented with excellent verbal and written skills; ability to communicate at detailed technical level as well as to distill advanced concepts into fundamental principles for teammatesCan deliver creative technical solutions that are scalableUnderstanding of web and mobile standardsStrong skills in multi-tasking day-to-day activities and effectively identifying issues in a variety of hardware and software environmentsAble to work individually and within a team Work Experience 2-4+ years’ test experience in web, Internet or mobile technologies with a thorough knowledge of Agile principles and QA methodologiesProficient in the following components: Windows Operating Systems, Remote Access Applications (VNC, Remote Desktop, Team Viewer, etc.), network technologies, systems security, Cloud technologies and network monitoring tools, .NET 3.5, 4.0, Web Application Configuration and Architecture, IIS 6.0, 7.0Solid experience in the administration and performance tuning of application stacks (e.g.,Tomcat, JBoss, Apache, Ruby, NGINX)Knowledge of virtualization and containerization (e.g., VMware, Virtual Box), and of monitoring systems and automation software (e.g., Puppet, cfengine, Chef)Solid scripting skills (e.g., shell scripts, Perl, Ruby, Python)EducationB.S. in Computer Science, IS Engineering, or related field; M.S. preferred Certifications None requiredLocation Austin, TX: 3601 S Congress Avenue, Bldg F, 78704  Position Type  Regular  The Company is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status.  Our organization participates in E-Verify. Click here to learn about E-Verify.  Current employees and contingent workers click here to apply and search by the Job Posting Title.
Job DescriptionMake a Difference Every Day with Team AppliedThe people of Applied are making a difference every day through innovation and a commitment to help safeguard and protect what matters most. With first-to-market software, mobile and data analytics solutions, Applied is revolutionizing companies to strengthen their position as trusted advisors to clients across the world. Our core values challenge employees to make a difference every day with excellence for customers and support for the communities around us. We believe that success comes from a dynamic working environment that offers professionals an opportunity to grow and succeed alongside extraordinary people.  Learn how you can make a difference on Team Applied.Job SummaryApplied Systems, Inc., a worldwide leader in insurance technology, is currently searching for a Software Developer to join our team. We leverage Agile Scrum methodologies to deliver software applications that revolutionize the global business of insurance. New developers on our team learn our development tools, standards, and processes through a structured training program. Upon completion, you will join the Agile Scrum team responsible for developing our Business Intelligence software product, as well as data migration tools. You will focus on the ultimate goal of delivering on our commitments to our customers and our industry through maintaining and developing innovative software solutions.  We primarily develop using Microsoft technologies like .NET and SQL. Candidates with experience in SQL Programming, VB.Net, C#, ASP.Net, Java, C, or C++ should anticipate facing less of a learning curve. However, we are very interested in finding the right team members and believe strongly that talented developers can bridge language or database gaps quickly. Additional responsibilities include:Being accountable to your Agile Scrum Team members and the organization to deliver high quality technical solutions to provide business valueJourney with your team on continual improvement through iterative software development cyclesDevelop advanced coding techniques that improve the quality of software writtenCollaborate with team members to self-manage business value based solutions from concept to marketSolicit customer feedback and improvements through participation in Sprint ReviewsRequirements:Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, MIS, or CIS, or equivalent work experienceExperience or training in SQL database programming (SQL Server is preferred)Experience or training in industry standard professional development tools (VB.Net, C#, and/or ASP.Net, Java, C, or C++ experience is a plus)Excellent problem solving skills; strong logical reasoning and solution orientedGenuine passion for programmingAbility to work with others in a team-oriented environmentExperience or training with Agile Scrum methodology is a plusCorporate ProfileApplied Systems is a leading provider of software that powers the business of insurance. Recognized as a pioneer in agency management systems, insurance organizations rely on the company’s software to manage their clients and policies in a consistent manner to minimize risk, reduce operating expenses, and drive sustainable growth and profitability. Leading the industry in technology innovation, Applied Systems has been at the forefront of data exchange between agencies, brokers, carriers and their clients. Today, the company has more than 1,300 employees with customers throughout the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. By automating the insurance lifecycle, Applied Systems remains committed to help safeguard what matters most to millions of people around the world. To learn more, please visit www.AppliedSystems.com.  Employees feel appreciated at Applied Systems. In addition to a competitive benefits package that starts on the first day of employment, we offer paid time off, a flexible "Dress for your Day" casual dress code, and an open communication policy. The resulting atmosphere is professional and conducive to productivity, yet comfortable and fun.
Advance your Information Technology (IT) career at Liberty Mutual Insurance - A Fortune 100 Company.Liberty Mutual Insurance Information Technology is actively searching for an experienced Software Developer who will leverage technology to develop business solutions within the insurance industry. This is a high visibility, high impact development program that is building our iUnderwrite application. In this project the Software Developer will work on an agile team that is developing a brand new underwriting platform to support our National Insurance underwriting program. The candidate will have the opportunity to work on the latest technologies such as Angular and Java Micro Services in a fully scaled, distributed agile environment. Additionally, the candidate will also develop applications that perform complex calculations using your Java skills. These applications support our Commercial Lines of Business. There are existing Java Web Services that you will be developing enhancements for and you will also be creating new applications using Angular for the front end / UI and Java Micro Services.Responsibilities:•Analyzes technical system problems, and designs and implements effective solutions.•Works with technical staff to understand problems with software and resolve them.•May be asked to provide on-call support.•Resolves customer complaints with software and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements.•Consults on technical issues.•Investigates components of new tools and techniques.•Contributes to the development of project plans, and assigns and monitors tasks of lower level Software Developers as responsibilities and experience grows.Desired skills:•Bachelors Degree in technical or business discipline or equivalent experience.•Java Web Services•Back End Services•DB2/Oracle/MySQL•Angular 1.6 or Greater•AWS•Agile•Knowledge of IT concepts, strategies, and methodologies, architectures and technical standards. •Proficient in programming languages and tools.•Knowledgeable in new and emerging technologies.•Knowledge of design and development tools.•Knowledge of layered systems architectures and layered solutions and designs; understanding of shared software concepts.Benefits:We take care of our employeesWe strongly believe that a great job should keep you happy both at workand in life. Thats why we offer:Workplace Flexibility Wellness PerksCollaborative workspacesSit/stand desks Career development, programs and classesDiversity & Inclusion programs Commuter BenefitsAdoption AssistanceCollege Savings PlanEducation reimbursement Hackathon EventsLiberty Mutual was named as a 2017 Great Place to Work by Great Place to Work US. For more info about our benefits - https://www.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/working-here/benefits Learn more about Tech at Liberty Mutual - http://www.jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/technology-jobsCheck out our Tech at Liberty Mutual YouTube playlist - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxUNmyJ_IIGx9yoUJfQ8k5APAK3-KAa6j Overview: At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives. We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed. Were dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual.Job:  Technology Primary Location: United States-New Hampshire-DoverSchedule: Full-timeSalary: $73,000-$92,000Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years)Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time
 We are seeking a Software Developer with basic knowledge of JavaScript, XML, XSLT, SoapUI, web services C# and C++ to join our team. What you will do: Develop and maintain Farelogix API interface using JavaScript, web services and FLX Platform. Become familiar with Farelogix Platform. Your Experience:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or equivalent professional experience.Up to 3 years in software development.Knowledge and experience with XML-based system interfaces, schema design, and XML based tools like SoapUI are required.Familiarity of XML/SOAP, web services and JavaScript's prototypal nature, lexical scoping and other unique JS traits; be deeply familiar with its constructs, syntax and rules.Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills.Excellent debugging and troubleshootingExcellent written and verbal communication
 Software Development Engineer (Back-end)  Job descriptionAre you interested in building the next generation Cloud Breach Detection systems that power the cloud? Do you want to revolutionize the way we forecast and fulfill the gear that forms the foundation of Cloud security? Do you want to have direct and immediate impact on millions of customers who use Cloud every day?  Here at Lacework, we are looking for a software development engineer who is excited about building an industry leading, next generation Cloud Security System. You will be part of the team that architects, designs, and implements highly scalable distributed systems that provide availability, scalability and latency guarantees. This is a unique and rare opportunity to get in on the ground floor and help shape our technologies, products and business.  Lacework is an Equal Opportunity Employer. It is the policy of Lacework to provide equal employment opportunity to all persons, regardless of age, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, political affiliations, marital status, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, age, sexual orientation, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, or on the basis of personal favoritism or other non-merit factors, except where otherwise provided by law.RequirementsBasic Qualifications:  - 3+ years industry experience building highly available, distributed services  - Bachelor’s degree, preferably in computer science or similar  - Experience developing with Java, goLang, C/C++, or similar  and mastery of the tools of the trade, including experience open-source technologies (e.g., Linux, docker, Hadoop, Spark, Marathon, Mesos)  - Experience with Unix/Linux development/production environments  - Experience with distributed system performance analysis and optimization  - Excellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts  - Track record for being detail-oriented with a demonstrated ability to self-motivate and follow-through on projects  - Relentlessly high standards (never satisfied with the status quo)  - Able to dive deep, never out of touch with the details of the business  Preferred Qualifications:  - Advanced degree (MS, PhD)  - Deep knowledge of the relational database engines like SQLServer, Oracle, MySQL and Postgres  - Working knowledge/experience with Aws-stack  - Strong sense of ownership, customer obsession, and drive  - Experience developing backend software and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability  - Sharp analytical abilities and proven design skills  - Experience in data modeling and analysis, especially with distinctive data sources  - Demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices  - Demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environment
 Nyansa is looking for an enthusiastic cloud backend developer focused on scalability and performance to help build a new, vendor-agnostic IT network analytics service purpose built for CIOs, network operations and helpdesk personnel managing heterogeneous enterprise environments. Our product, Voyance, is focused on the end user experience by helping IT staff gain new insights into client access conditions, network service behavior and enterprise applications issues that impact user performance.  Nyansa, Inc. is well funded and provides a competitive compensation package, stock options, benefits, catered lunch, and a fun work environment.  We’re located within a 1 min walk from the Palo Alto Caltrain station in a nice area of downtown Palo Alto. Team Nyansa is made of an awesome group of intellectual individuals who value hard work, but don't take themselves too seriously.  Responsibilities: Design and develop a highly scalable and available cloud back using Cassandra, Elastic Search, and Spark analytics platformsOptimization and performance tuning to process large volume of data streams for analysis and persistenceDesign and develop APIs and data models to support analytics and front-end UI Requirements: 3+ years experience in OOD/OOP and Java/Scala and distributed systemsWorking experience with nosql and relational databasesExperience in using profilers (e.g. JProfiler, Yourkit) and debuggers to identify bottlenecks and tune performanceBS in CS or related field Pluses: Experience with AWS or other IaaSStrong in Python and/or shell scriptingExperience with Kafka, Elastic Search, Cassandra, Spark
 We are seeking a dynamic and motivated Software Engineer responsible for the design and development of enterprise web solutions targeted at the commercial construction industry. Be part of a team using the latest technologies to demonstrate innovation, learn, and engage our customers while creating amazing software.Required SkillsDuties and Responsibilities:Code, test, document, configure, and debug responsive web and middle-tier solutions using C#, ASP.NET, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular, Entity Framework, SQL ServerReport Generation (DevExpress Reporting), occasionally assist desktop software teams.Collaborate with Requirements, SQA and other development teams to ensure solutions are efficient, consistent and fulfill business needsParticipate in analysis and design, design reviews, and code reviews.Work in Agile software development environment (using Scrum).Refactor existing softwareApplies generally accepted programming standards and techniques to assure efficient program logic and data manipulationAttendance during regular work hours and overtime as required. Required ExperienceQualified Candidates Will Possess the Following:Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science or related field.Two or more years of design and development (web) experience.Required experience with C# (or C++/Java), JavaScript, HTML, and SQLExperience working in a service oriented architecture.Knowledge of data structures and strong understanding of object-oriented principles Job Location  Greenwood Village, US-CO 

Software Developer-12840Position DescriptionIntroduction: The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL), a national leader in scientific research and development, located midway between Baltimore and Washington, DC is seeking a Software Developer. Job Summary: Blend industry best practices and the latest research to develop innovative, cutting-edge software prototype solutions to challenging problems. Tools will be used for cyber, social media and deep learning research. Participate in small development teams that design, implement, test, document and maintain web applications to meet sponsor requirements. Duties:Understand existing systems and emergent sponsor requirements to develop integrated, holistic solutions. Research best practices and industry standards. Design, implement, test, and maintain software solutions. (80%)Document research approaches, development artifacts and results. (10%)Seek out new and innovative ways to complete tasking more efficiently. Explore promising new research and maintain/gain technical edge required for projects. Establish relationships across organizational boundaries to increase collaboration. Share approaches and methods. (10%)Note: This job summary and listing of duties is for the purpose of describing the position and its essential functions at time of hire and may change over time.Qualifications: Required Qualifications: B.S. in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related field, with zero to three years of practical experience developing software using MATLAB, Python, C# or Java. Experience working successfully within a team environment either at school or in the workplace. Good written and verbal communication skills. Ability to obtain up to a Top Secret clearance. Desired Qualifications: Master's degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related field. Experience with DoD and/or IC customers. Experience with web services and web-based UI software and languages (CSS, HTML, JavaScript, node.js, etc.). Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Special Working Conditions: Some limited travel to customer sites may be required. Security: Applicant selected will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. Benefits: APL offers a comprehensive benefits package including a liberal vacation plan, a matching retirement program, significant educational assistance, a scholarship tuition program for staff with dependents, and competitive salaries commensurate with skills and experience. For more information about our organization, please visit our web site at www.jhuapl.edu. Equal Employment Opportunity: Johns Hopkins University/Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that complies with Title IX of the Education Amendments Acts of 1972, as well as other applicable laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Primary Location *United States-*Maryland-*LaurelSchedule Full-time -
The Software Developer plays a key part in developing industry-leading software. In this role you will be responsible for all aspects of the development life cycle, including defining, developing, and testing technical and architectural solutions.  This position will provide the opportunity to work on a wide variety of projects, where you can apply your existing knowledge to solve new market problems. You will use the latest technologies in the Microsoft stack to build dynamic, data-driven web applications. This is a position in a highly collaborative environment working with other skilled software professionals to continuously improve code quality and execution. Salary based on experience ranging from $80,000-$160,000/year. Responsibilities•Participate in solution design to satisfy a wide range of business needs.•Analysis and translation of business requirements into technical requirements for development, and creation of design documents and technical specifications.•Adhere to best practices and standards in the areas of development, technology, and security.•Provide post-implementation support, including, but not limited to, monitoring application performance and debugging existing code.•Keep up with advancements and changes in technology and develop an understanding of how new technologies can be leveraged to provide business solutions.•Many projects also employ client-side technologies, including JavaScript, jQuery, CSS3, and HTML5, to develop robust and highly interactive web-based user interfaces.•Projects may include development of new products and new features or maintenance of existing software using agile practices as part of a collaborative and open environment.•Assume other duties as assigned. Skills/Knowledge/Abilities Preferred•Web/API development in the .NET Framework (C#, VB, .NET Core).•Strong relational database knowledge.•SQL Server (Scripting, Indices, Views, Stored Procedures).•Ability to perform effectively in a team-oriented environment.•Ability to quickly learn new technologies and business functions.•Strong analytical skills to determine effective approaches to business solutions.•Understanding of best practices and methods to integrate applications within the organization and with external partners.•Strong knowledge of the full software development life cycle, with exposure to agile or iterative approaches to delivery preferred.•Microsoft IIS•Windows/Web Services•Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS)
 This position is focused on oversite and strategic development of projects in the Greenfield Development channel. The position will perform high-level maintenance of custom software solutions to support these projects. The position will translate business requirements into technical specifications, and work with other developers to produce software based on stated requirements. In addition, this position will also run automated tests and support manual testing/QA/UAT of software solutions prior to deployment. This position will support systems post-development to troubleshoot performance issues and handle subsequent upgrades and feature enhancements. Design and develop software code based on technical specifications.Work with the VP of Software development to determine strategic development opportunities.Manage projects within the team.Assist in translating business requirements into technical specifications to be used for software coding.Run automated tests and support Quality Assurance (QA) and User Acceptance Testing (UAT) of software solutions prior to deployment.Support systems post-deployment to troubleshoot performance issues and handle subsequent upgrades.Document solutions.Follows all organizational systems, programs, training, policies, and procedures as required and complies with relevant legal mandates. Seeks guidance as necessary.Carries out all responsibilities in an honest, ethical and professional manner.Handles various other duties as delegated by the Vice President - Manager Operational SystemsRequired SkillsMust have excellent problem-solving skills.Must be able to plan and organize well.Must be able to multitask.Must have experience in process improvement.Must have experience in business/financial analysis.Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills.Must have strong time management skills.Must be able to work in a team environment.Must be able to pay close attention to details.Must be able to adapt and flex to a changing environment.Must be able to exercise discretion and independent judgement.Must be flexible and adaptable to changing priorities.Must be able to lift 10 lbs.Required ExperienceBachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field required.Master’s degree in a Computer Science, Engineering or a related field preferred.Minimum seven (7) years of experience in web and/or software development.Extensive experience as a full stack engineer.Demonstrated knowledge and fluency using one or more object-oriented programming languages such as C++, Java, Python.Demonstrated experience with database integrations.Demonstrated experience with Swift, Ruby on Rails, DevOps and PaaS offerings.Demonstrated experience in .NET frameworks, MSQL, Rackspace, Visual Studio Online, Tableau, PHPTwo (2) years of experience with service-oriented architecture (SOA) and representational state transfer (REST) web based services developmentAmerican Homes 4 Rent (NYSE: AMH) is a leader in the single-family home rental industry and is fast becoming a nationally recognized brand, known for high quality, good value and tenant satisfaction. We are an internally managed Maryland real estate investment trust, or REIT, focused on acquiring, renovating, leasing, and operating attractive, single-family homes as rental properties in selected submarkets in 22 statesJob Location  Seattle, US-WA 
 Requisition Number KSG-185555SD Post Date 1/26/2018 Title Software Developer City Jacksonville State FL Description Kemper has an immediate need for a skilled and motivated Software Developer to join our IT team in Jacksonville, FL. In this role you will provide technical consulting and support initially on Guidewire ClaimCenter and subsequently on Policy and Billing  Centers. You will act as a technical resource in the many phases of the development and implementation process. You will conduct code and design reviews, develop code, unit test and sign off on technical specifications including design documents, functional  designs and requirements. Knowledge of estimation process and participation is required. You will provide on-call production support assistance in addition to defect resolutions (planned and unplanned). All development will follow Service Oriented Architecture  patterns.  Position Requirements 5+ years of current experience developing Java J2EE applications.2+ years of current experience with Guidewire ClaimCenter.Proven experience in developing enterprise level projects involving cross departmental teamsStrong understanding of JavaScript, JSP, Servlets, AJAX, HTML, XML, XSLT, EJB, JDBC, SQL, Spring, REST, SOAP, JMS, MDBand of tools Intellij, Eclipse, GitExcellent verbal and written communication skillsEducation: Education or work experience equivalent to a two year degree in an Information Technology related discipline.Able to live and work full time in Jacksonville, FloridaOur employees enjoy great benefits:Qualify for your choice of health and dental plans within your first month.Save for your future with robust 401(k) match, Health Spending Accounts and various retirement plans.Learn and Grow with our Tuition Assistance Program, paid certifications and continuing education programs.Contribute to your community through United Way and volunteer programs.Balance your life with generous paid time off and business casual dress.Protect what you love with discounts on home and auto insurance products.Get employee discounts for shopping, dining and travel through Kemper Perks. Kemper at a glance  With $8 billion in assets, Kemper is one of the nation's leading insurers. The Kemper family of companies specializes in home, auto, life, health and valuables insurance products for individuals, families and businesses.  Kemper’s underwriting companies* are rated A- (Excellent) by A.M. Best Company, the leading insurance industry rating authority. Kemper services six million policies and ranks among the top 25 personal lines property and casualty writers and the 2016 Ward’s  50 Top Performers list of life insurance companies. Alliance United Insurance Company is not rated. We value diversity and strive to be an employer of choice. An Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V MO +CB +LJ +GD -IN –MSJ -PT +GIJ
 If you love to create solutions to business problems with PHP code, we’ve got a great opportunity for you. Working in a small team of 7 developers using an agile style development method, you’ll create meaningful solutions for a growing business. We want someone who understands the business case and enhances the solutions rather than just writing code. If you have strong experience and a strong desire to contribute through personal and team contributions, we want to talk to you.  In HR speak, that means we want you to:  · Modify and develop software based on user needs.  · Balance multiple projects and adapt to changing priorities.  · Define objectives by analyzing user requirements; envisioning system features and functionality.  · Ensure system performance.  · Collaborate with developers, analyst, and users. Qualifications: · Knowledge of data base structures and application development equivalent to a two year college degree.  · Strong experience with PHP and/or other development languages.  · Strong understand of SQL Language (MySQL or MS SQL experience preferred)  · The following experience is preferred but not required:  o Basic server administration  o Linux  o Javascript, Query, AJAX (XMLHttpRequests)  o Experience developing ecommerce solutions  o Apache web server configuration  · Work requires three to five years in software development environment  Come join the Geiger business family, the largest family owned Promotional Product Distributor, in Lewiston, ME.  Like us on Facebook Equal Opportunity Employer (EEO) Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) Poster http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/fmlaen.pdf Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA) Poster http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf
 OverviewRalis, Corp. is currently seeking bright, motivated and result-oriented candidates to fill a full-time position as a Java Software Developer within our expanding, dynamic IT team. Ideal candidate will have strong background in software development using Java. Knowledge of Metro 2 (Consumer Data Industry Association credit reporting data format) a plus  The environment is fast-paced and dynamic. The candidate should be able to work on a variety of projects supporting the automation of business processes for loan origination, underwriting, servicing, and related areas.Responsibilities Understanding of Object Oriented Design concepts to model the business process and requirements.Communicate with business and technical stakeholders to gather business requirements and provide solutionsRequirementsAt least 3 years of full stack Java development experienceBS degree in computer science or associated Engineering fieldStrong communication skillsAble to work independently and with little direct supervision or oversightStrong analytical and problem solving skillsExperience with relational databasesExperience with PostgresSQLExperience with Java, J2EE, Spring, and Hibernate
 Location: AA Headquarters 2 (DFW-HDQ2)  Additional Locations: None  Requisition ID: 14772Job Description  American is in the business of serving the travel needs of our customers. At the core of the Company is our commitment to our customer, people just like you. We are dedicated to developing and delivering what our customers value and are willing to pay for. Customer-centric planning, innovative marketing and an exceptional customer experience are supported by a cadre of talented people. Successful candidates will join a team of developers responsible for leveraging cutting edge technology to solve business problems in Customer Hub group at American Airlines. Candidates will participate in all phases of the development process from inception through transition. In addition, candidates will provide production support and be involved in maintenance and enhancement work. Candidates will use object oriented development tools to analyze, model, design, construct and test reusable objects. This includes developing applications, which may interface with other systems. Candidates should be comfortable working in an environment committed to Service Oriented Architecture.  Job Qualifications The ideal candidate will have at least a bachelor’s degree in computer science or computer engineering and experience in the Java programming language.Candidates will gain experience working with technologies such as Spring, SOAP and REST web services, JSP, SQL, Oracle, Apache Tomcat, JMS and HTML.Candidates will also use Windows, Linux, or similar.Exposure to UML and the principles of Agile software development are desired.Candidates must be able to work well within a team environment as well as independently.Strong written and oral communication skills are required.Additional Locations: None  Requisition ID: 14772 Nearest Major Market: Fort Worth Nearest Secondary Market: Dallas Job Segment: Application Developer, Developer, Engineer, Database, Oracle, Technology, Engineering
 WorldQuant is a quantitative asset management firm founded in 2007 and currently has over 600 employees spread across more than 20 offices in 15 countries. We develop and deploy systematic financial strategies across a variety of asset classes in global markets, utilizing a proprietary research platform and risk management process.  This role is for a software developer in the middle office development group. The candidate will be working on next generation technology to build a scalable, real time view of the firm’s financial data. As a key member of the team the candidate will have the opportunity to offer new technology solutions to help improve our capabilities. Design, code, and debug operations, reporting, pre and post trade analysis applications on Linux platformsAnalyze requirements, develop/test code, and manage product deliverables to targeted release datesAdhere to the company’s software development methods and guidelinesInterface with users for requirements gathering and specificationInterface with operations support team for deployment and trainingParticipate in all facets of a project’s life cycle from design, implementation, testing, documentation and deploymentProvide support for new and legacy applicationsAct as a mentor to help improve junior members of the team’s technical capabilitiesPossess an advanced knowledge and experience with streaming application development (Kafka, Spark, Redis a plus but not mandatory)Strong understanding and experience with Object Oriented ProgrammingHave strong experience in querying large data sets using SQL languageBe able to design and develop scalable softwareStrong understanding of algorithms and data structuresHave the ability to understand complex systems and be in command of the details to provide solutionsBe self-motivated and take initiative with minimal directionPossess excellent written and oral communication skillsFinance, trading systems and PnL experience a plus but not mandatoryExperience with streaming UI development a plus#LI-RS1 Position based in Austin, TX or New York City, NY. WorldQuant is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation or preference, age, marital status, citizenship, national origin, disability, military status, genetic predisposition or carrier status, or any other protected characteristic as established by applicable law.
 Medical Guardian™, named “Best Places to Work” by the Philadelphia Business Journal in 2016 and ranked number 30 in The Philly 100 fastest growing companies, is aggressively seeking a talented and energetic PHP Software Developer to join our IT Department in our extraordinary headquarters in Center City, Philadelphia. Check us out on Glassdoor or The Muse to learn more.  Medical Guardian is a rapidly-expanding Medical Alarm Company that provides mature Americans with an amazing level of independence while giving their loved ones unmatched piece of mind. Position Summary: Medical Guardian is looking for a PHP Software Developer to assist in the design, development, maintenance and day-to-day operation of our business systems across multiple platforms. We have a small development team that is looking for a teammate with great communication skills, a passion for web software development and a need to be challenged by a fast growing company.  Our business systems manage the following elements of the business: Sales (Salesforce.com)Customer Care (Salesforce.com)Partner/Web Interfaces (Proprietary LAMP system)APIs to Fulfillment System (Scout)Call Center Telephony (Five9)APIs to remote medical monitoring centersAPIs to billing system (Sedona) The successful candidate will have 5+ years of software development experience. Candidates should have an entrepreneurial spirit and a true interest in working with a growing company where he/she can create a lasting impression. Candidates should thrive working in a fast paced environment and have an aspiration to build and develop world-class software systems that will take us into the future. Position Duties and Responsibilities:Creates, develops and debugs code written in multiple languages across platforms and environments.Demonstrates an understanding of Object Oriented coding best practices as well as the proper use of MVC architecture.Demonstrates an understanding of database design, encoding and performance based on SQL/MySQL/MariaDB standards.Develops UI/UX integrations provided from creative assets utilizing HTML/CSS/JS methods and frameworks.Learns and adapts to new technologies on a continuous basis.Researches, analyzes and diagnoses system problems and makes recommendations as to their solution.Ensures that documentation changes are performed accurately, and timely. Communicates changes to other team members, as deemed necessary.Manages special projects and assignments as requested by management.Required SkillsSoftware Qualification (required):HTML(5)CSS(3)Javascript/jQueryPHP(5+)SQL/mySQL/Maria DBKnowledge of MVC architectureWAMP/LAMPJSON(P) Data HandlingRESTful API IntegrationSVN (Tortoise or GIT)Software Qualification (highly desired):Salesforce Integration (APEX)CodeIgniterJIRAAngular JSIonic FrameworkPhotoshopSOAP/XML HandlingSEOPhone System/IVR IntegrationAndroid/iOS developmentRequired ExperiencePersonal Qualifications:Has strong interpersonal and relationship-building skills conducive to team development.Completes projects in a timely fashion with as few bugs as possible.Documents all issues, code changes and any relevant information clearly and concisely.Works independently as well as with team members and across departments.Has strong organizational skills and ability to multi-task in a small business environment.Communicates in an understandable, polite and friendly manner, both written and verbal.Coordinates and communications well with multiple vendors.Must be attentive to internal customer service; able to take full ownership of projects and related tasks.Keeps up to date on web development trends and best practices.Has strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills and exceptional attention to detail. Job Location  Philadelphia, US-PA
Join our Data Technologies team as a Software Developer CARFAX is expanding into the Dallas area. Come join our team as a Software Developer on the Data Technologies team that builds intelligent frameworks with modern technologies to support everything in the CARFAX mission from modernizing legacy processes to crafting original back end systems. The Data Technologies team uses Agile development methods to harness revolutionary tools and innovative thinking to bring forward thinking products to fruition. The team is devoted to working smarter by cutting through the nonsense and getting stuff done. The work environment is filled with phenomenal innovation and high-energy with a dedicated team striving towards one goal at full speed. If you are passionate about technology and are looking to accelerate your career while building innovative products, consider a future as a Software Developer on CARFAX’s Data Technologies team.  The CARFAX Culture Having a creative and innovative environment where our developers can collaborate, learn and grow is something CARFAX is passionate about. We have an entire floor dedicated to our techies, designed specifically to enable teams to dream big and produce the best. Along with creating and maintaining awesome software you’ll also be able to participate in our quarterly Hack-a-thon’s or take a break by kicking back and playing the latest game on x-box when you need to re-boot the mind. Oh, and do you happen to have a dog? CARFAX is dog-friendly and no day goes by where you don’t have the chance to visit with one of the visiting pups. We even provide the dog beds, bowls and of course, toys! As a Software Developer, you will:Work in a team environment using Agile practices and methodsDevelop frameworks and tools to process and analyze large amounts of data for business analyticsUtilize Test Driven Development (TDD), Paired Programming and Continuous Integration development methodsCommunicate directly with customers on a daily basisAssist in the migration from legacy systemsConstantly learn from and educate others to improve yourself and CARFAX As a Software Developer, you will be expected to have (minimum required):At least 6 years of professional experience with Object Oriented Programming – in Java or similar languageAbility to solve complex problems and learn from mistakesFamiliarity with database conceptsStrong unit testing and troubleshooting skillsExperience working in a collaborative team environmentExperience in more than one of the following is extremely helpful:Hadoop, Spark, MongoDB, MySQL, ETLDocker, Mesos, SpringGit version controlLinux/UnixTesting frameworks, JUnit, MockitoNatural Language Processing is a plusChef, MVC, HTML5 are a plusDesign patterns is a plusAbout CARFAX You may know CARFAX as the company that has provided trusted vehicle information reports for over 30 years but we are so much more! CARFAX is on a mission to help millions of people shop, buy, own and sell used cars with more confidence. To do this we are constantly expanding our offerings, and stretching into new areas in order to provide needed, trusted assistance to consumers at all points of the car buying, ownership, and selling lifecycle. At CARFAX we invest in the growth of our employees and offer rewarding, creative, fast-paced work, as well as many other opportunities to challenge you in your career.

 Software Development Engineer I Location  WA, Seattle Division  Product Development Requisition ID 651Apply NowAs a Software Development Engineer, this role will report directly to the Software Development Manager for our primary web application. You will be working with a team that handles a combination of front-end and back-end web-based technologies to help sustain and grow the suite of customer configuration and efficiency tools currently in use. The tech stack includes JavaScript client side (Angular), PHP and Postgres on the backend. WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING:Develop new user-facing featuresMaintain and improve existing websiteBuild reusable code and libraries for future workOptimize application for maximum speed and scalabilityCollaborate with other team members and stake holdersStay up-to-date on emerging technologiesCreate durable and tested codeLeave behind more documentation than you started withWHAT YOU'LL BRING TO THE TEAM:Bachelor in Software Engineer, Computer Science, or the equivalent in demonstrable work experience1-2 years of web development experienceKnowledge of software design patterns and data structuresKnowledge of AngularJS (or other JS Framework) practices, design patterns, and commonly used librariesExperience with mobile-friendly development approaches such as responsive design and adaptive design is a plus.Experience with version control systems; familiarity with git preferredDemonstrated passion about technology, have a strong interest in learning about and playing with the latest technologies
 Nyansa is looking for an enthusiastic network software developer to help build a new, vendor-agnostic IT network analytics service purpose built for CIOs, network operations and helpdesk personnel managing heterogeneous enterprise environments. Our product, Voyance, is focused on the end user experience by helping IT staff gain new insights into client access conditions, network service behavior and enterprise applications issues that impact user performance.  Nyansa, Inc. is well funded and provides a competitive compensation package, stock options, benefits, catered lunch, and a fun work environment.  We’re located within a 1 min walk from the Palo Alto Caltrain station in a nice area of downtown Palo Alto. Team Nyansa is made of an awesome group of intellectual individuals who value hard work, but don't take themselves too seriously. Responsibilities:Design and implement high performance network software applicationsImplement data collectors for new network infrastructure and application servers using a combination of vendor provided APIs, SNMP, and syslogRequirements:Strong experience in C/C++ and PythonDeep understanding of networking protocols including TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, Radius, and SNMPExperience with Wi-Fi technology stackExperience with multi-core/multi-thread programmingHigh degree of competency working in Linux/Unix environmentBS in CS or related fieldPluses:Proficiency in JavaWorking experience with Intel DPDK
 We are looking for a self-motivated and energetic front-end software engineer to join our  software development team working on network and application assurance products in  San Jose, CA. The ideal candidate will be able to translate UI/UX design wireframes to actual code that will produce visual elements for the applications. Major Responsibilities:Develop new user-facing featuresBuild reusable code and libraries for future useEnsure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designsOptimize application for maximum speed and scalabilityCollaborate with other team members and stakeholdersCreate quality mockups and prototypesHelp backend developers with coding and troubleshootingStay up-to-date on emerging technologiesKey Requirements:B.S. of CS/EE/CEE with minimum of 1-3 years or M.S with minimum of 1-2 years of experience is highly preferredAdvanced Javascript knowledge. Strong experience with ES6 preferredProficient understanding in one or more of the following client-side Javascript frameworks/libs: React, Emberjs, Backbone, Jquery, Dojo, Angularjs, D3.Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3Good understanding of CSS pre-processors, such as SASS and LESSFamiliarity with Javascript tools like Webpack, Grunt, or GulpStrong experience with NodejsGood understanding of Git.Ability to take an idea to a beautiful, user-friendly implementation is strongly desiredExperience with Java, C/C++, PHP is a bonusExperience with UI/UX design and design software like Sketch, Photoshop and Balsamiq is also a bonus
 Current employees and contingent workers click here to apply and search by the Job Posting Title.  iHeartMedia Job Summary: Develops new and enhances or maintains existing software components. ResponsibilitiesServes as the expert in object-oriented and component-based development, patterns and design for reuse; applies test driven design and works towards automating and standardizing practices.Sets and achieves build schedules; builds and maintain a suite of native apps.Eliminates impediments and performs design and code reviews.Builds intermediate to highly complex, high quality software components by analyzing, creating, designing and coding, troubleshooting and unit testing for new products.Creates and executes installation scripts.Designs new features and enhancements for existing products.Delivers high quality software components with minimal defects; identifies and resolves errors and related software problems.Creates and documents component specifications and detailed designs by working with Architects to implement specific system architecture; analyzes customer and internal requirements and specifications, and translates into the software design.Identifies and resolves potential risks and issues; works in teams to implement mitigation plans and processes.Builds and delivers phase exit review items; works with team members to follow CCIT processes and practices for project delivery.Works with and adapts iHeartMedia’s Continuous Integration environment to ensure a smooth and high quality release cycle in a fast-paced Agile environment.QualificationsAbility to architect and create an Automation Framework using Selenium, Appium, and/or open source technologiesCan build advanced automated functional and load test suites to exercise iHeartRadio’s ApplicationDemonstrated in-depth understanding of the software delivery life cycleStrong ability to perform and utilize testing techniques to troubleshoot hardware and software configuration issues; good debugging skillsAbility to write and execute test cases for the overall iHeartRadio platform, which includes mobile, Internet-enabled devices and web browser, with an emphasis on functionality and features of the productDemonstrated ability to conduct testing, including end-to-end and user acceptance testing phases, using best practices in software testing agile methodologiesAbility to design software using OOA/D, UML, design patterns, data modeling, and ERDsAdept at profiling and tuning applications for CPU/memory useCan increase the maintainability of codebase by writing future-proof code with an emphasis on extensibility and reusabilityDetail oriented with excellent verbal and written skills; ability to communicate at detailed technical level as well as to distill advanced concepts into fundamental principles for teammatesCan deliver creative technical solutions that are scalableUnderstanding of web and mobile standardsStrong skills in multi-tasking day-to-day activities and effectively identifying issues in a variety of hardware and software environmentsAble to work individually and within a team Work Experience 2-4+ years’ test experience in web, Internet or mobile technologies with a thorough knowledge of Agile principles and QA methodologiesProficient in the following components: Windows Operating Systems, Remote Access Applications (VNC, Remote Desktop, Team Viewer, etc.), network technologies, systems security, Cloud technologies and network monitoring tools, .NET 3.5, 4.0, Web Application Configuration and Architecture, IIS 6.0, 7.0Solid experience in the administration and performance tuning of application stacks (e.g.,Tomcat, JBoss, Apache, Ruby, NGINX)Knowledge of virtualization and containerization (e.g., VMware, Virtual Box), and of monitoring systems and automation software (e.g., Puppet, cfengine, Chef)Solid scripting skills (e.g., shell scripts, Perl, Ruby, Python)EducationB.S. in Computer Science, IS Engineering, or related field; M.S. preferred Certifications None requiredLocation Austin, TX: 3601 S Congress Avenue, Bldg F, 78704  Position Type  Regular  The Company is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status.  Our organization participates in E-Verify. Click here to learn about E-Verify.  Current employees and contingent workers click here to apply and search by the Job Posting Title.
Advance your Information Technology (IT) career at Liberty Mutual Insurance - A Fortune 100 Company.Liberty Mutual Insurance Information Technology is actively searching for an experienced Software Developer who will leverage technology to develop business solutions within the insurance industry. This is a high visibility, high impact development program that is building our iUnderwrite application. In this project the Software Developer will work on an agile team that is developing a brand new underwriting platform to support our National Insurance underwriting program. The candidate will have the opportunity to work on the latest technologies such as Angular and Java Micro Services in a fully scaled, distributed agile environment. Additionally, the candidate will also develop applications that perform complex calculations using your Java skills. These applications support our Commercial Lines of Business. There are existing Java Web Services that you will be developing enhancements for and you will also be creating new applications using Angular for the front end / UI and Java Micro Services.Responsibilities:•Analyzes technical system problems, and designs and implements effective solutions.•Works with technical staff to understand problems with software and resolve them.•May be asked to provide on-call support.•Resolves customer complaints with software and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements.•Consults on technical issues.•Investigates components of new tools and techniques.•Contributes to the development of project plans, and assigns and monitors tasks of lower level Software Developers as responsibilities and experience grows.Desired skills:•Bachelors Degree in technical or business discipline or equivalent experience.•Java Web Services•Back End Services•DB2/Oracle/MySQL•Angular 1.6 or Greater•AWS•Agile•Knowledge of IT concepts, strategies, and methodologies, architectures and technical standards. •Proficient in programming languages and tools.•Knowledgeable in new and emerging technologies.•Knowledge of design and development tools.•Knowledge of layered systems architectures and layered solutions and designs; understanding of shared software concepts.Benefits:We take care of our employeesWe strongly believe that a great job should keep you happy both at workand in life. Thats why we offer:Workplace Flexibility Wellness PerksCollaborative workspacesSit/stand desks Career development, programs and classesDiversity & Inclusion programs Commuter BenefitsAdoption AssistanceCollege Savings PlanEducation reimbursement Hackathon EventsLiberty Mutual was named as a 2017 Great Place to Work by Great Place to Work US. For more info about our benefits - https://www.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/working-here/benefits Learn more about Tech at Liberty Mutual - http://www.jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/technology-jobsCheck out our Tech at Liberty Mutual YouTube playlist - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxUNmyJ_IIGx9yoUJfQ8k5APAK3-KAa6j Overview: At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives. We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed. Were dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual.Job:  Technology Primary Location: United States-New Hampshire-DoverSchedule: Full-timeSalary: $73,000-$92,000Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years)Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time
 Software Development Engineer (Back-end)  Job descriptionAre you interested in building the next generation Cloud Breach Detection systems that power the cloud? Do you want to revolutionize the way we forecast and fulfill the gear that forms the foundation of Cloud security? Do you want to have direct and immediate impact on millions of customers who use Cloud every day?  Here at Lacework, we are looking for a software development engineer who is excited about building an industry leading, next generation Cloud Security System. You will be part of the team that architects, designs, and implements highly scalable distributed systems that provide availability, scalability and latency guarantees. This is a unique and rare opportunity to get in on the ground floor and help shape our technologies, products and business.  Lacework is an Equal Opportunity Employer. It is the policy of Lacework to provide equal employment opportunity to all persons, regardless of age, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, political affiliations, marital status, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, age, sexual orientation, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, or on the basis of personal favoritism or other non-merit factors, except where otherwise provided by law.RequirementsBasic Qualifications:  - 3+ years industry experience building highly available, distributed services  - Bachelor’s degree, preferably in computer science or similar  - Experience developing with Java, goLang, C/C++, or similar  and mastery of the tools of the trade, including experience open-source technologies (e.g., Linux, docker, Hadoop, Spark, Marathon, Mesos)  - Experience with Unix/Linux development/production environments  - Experience with distributed system performance analysis and optimization  - Excellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts  - Track record for being detail-oriented with a demonstrated ability to self-motivate and follow-through on projects  - Relentlessly high standards (never satisfied with the status quo)  - Able to dive deep, never out of touch with the details of the business  Preferred Qualifications:  - Advanced degree (MS, PhD)  - Deep knowledge of the relational database engines like SQLServer, Oracle, MySQL and Postgres  - Working knowledge/experience with Aws-stack  - Strong sense of ownership, customer obsession, and drive  - Experience developing backend software and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability  - Sharp analytical abilities and proven design skills  - Experience in data modeling and analysis, especially with distinctive data sources  - Demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices  - Demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environment
 We are seeking a dynamic and motivated Software Engineer responsible for the design and development of enterprise web solutions targeted at the commercial construction industry. Be part of a team using the latest technologies to demonstrate innovation, learn, and engage our customers while creating amazing software.Required SkillsDuties and Responsibilities:Code, test, document, configure, and debug responsive web and middle-tier solutions using C#, ASP.NET, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular, Entity Framework, SQL ServerReport Generation (DevExpress Reporting), occasionally assist desktop software teams.Collaborate with Requirements, SQA and other development teams to ensure solutions are efficient, consistent and fulfill business needsParticipate in analysis and design, design reviews, and code reviews.Work in Agile software development environment (using Scrum).Refactor existing softwareApplies generally accepted programming standards and techniques to assure efficient program logic and data manipulationAttendance during regular work hours and overtime as required. Required ExperienceQualified Candidates Will Possess the Following:Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science or related field.Two or more years of design and development (web) experience.Required experience with C# (or C++/Java), JavaScript, HTML, and SQLExperience working in a service oriented architecture.Knowledge of data structures and strong understanding of object-oriented principles Job Location  Greenwood Village, US-CO 
Software Developer-12840Position DescriptionIntroduction: The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL), a national leader in scientific research and development, located midway between Baltimore and Washington, DC is seeking a Software Developer. Job Summary: Blend industry best practices and the latest research to develop innovative, cutting-edge software prototype solutions to challenging problems. Tools will be used for cyber, social media and deep learning research. Participate in small development teams that design, implement, test, document and maintain web applications to meet sponsor requirements. Duties:Understand existing systems and emergent sponsor requirements to develop integrated, holistic solutions. Research best practices and industry standards. Design, implement, test, and maintain software solutions. (80%)Document research approaches, development artifacts and results. (10%)Seek out new and innovative ways to complete tasking more efficiently. Explore promising new research and maintain/gain technical edge required for projects. Establish relationships across organizational boundaries to increase collaboration. Share approaches and methods. (10%)Note: This job summary and listing of duties is for the purpose of describing the position and its essential functions at time of hire and may change over time.Qualifications: Required Qualifications: B.S. in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related field, with zero to three years of practical experience developing software using MATLAB, Python, C# or Java. Experience working successfully within a team environment either at school or in the workplace. Good written and verbal communication skills. Ability to obtain up to a Top Secret clearance. Desired Qualifications: Master's degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related field. Experience with DoD and/or IC customers. Experience with web services and web-based UI software and languages (CSS, HTML, JavaScript, node.js, etc.). Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Special Working Conditions: Some limited travel to customer sites may be required. Security: Applicant selected will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. Benefits: APL offers a comprehensive benefits package including a liberal vacation plan, a matching retirement program, significant educational assistance, a scholarship tuition program for staff with dependents, and competitive salaries commensurate with skills and experience. For more information about our organization, please visit our web site at www.jhuapl.edu. Equal Employment Opportunity: Johns Hopkins University/Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that complies with Title IX of the Education Amendments Acts of 1972, as well as other applicable laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Primary Location *United States-*Maryland-*LaurelSchedule Full-time -
 This position is focused on oversite and strategic development of projects in the Greenfield Development channel. The position will perform high-level maintenance of custom software solutions to support these projects. The position will translate business requirements into technical specifications, and work with other developers to produce software based on stated requirements. In addition, this position will also run automated tests and support manual testing/QA/UAT of software solutions prior to deployment. This position will support systems post-development to troubleshoot performance issues and handle subsequent upgrades and feature enhancements. Design and develop software code based on technical specifications.Work with the VP of Software development to determine strategic development opportunities.Manage projects within the team.Assist in translating business requirements into technical specifications to be used for software coding.Run automated tests and support Quality Assurance (QA) and User Acceptance Testing (UAT) of software solutions prior to deployment.Support systems post-deployment to troubleshoot performance issues and handle subsequent upgrades.Document solutions.Follows all organizational systems, programs, training, policies, and procedures as required and complies with relevant legal mandates. Seeks guidance as necessary.Carries out all responsibilities in an honest, ethical and professional manner.Handles various other duties as delegated by the Vice President - Manager Operational SystemsRequired SkillsMust have excellent problem-solving skills.Must be able to plan and organize well.Must be able to multitask.Must have experience in process improvement.Must have experience in business/financial analysis.Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills.Must have strong time management skills.Must be able to work in a team environment.Must be able to pay close attention to details.Must be able to adapt and flex to a changing environment.Must be able to exercise discretion and independent judgement.Must be flexible and adaptable to changing priorities.Must be able to lift 10 lbs.Required ExperienceBachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field required.Master’s degree in a Computer Science, Engineering or a related field preferred.Minimum seven (7) years of experience in web and/or software development.Extensive experience as a full stack engineer.Demonstrated knowledge and fluency using one or more object-oriented programming languages such as C++, Java, Python.Demonstrated experience with database integrations.Demonstrated experience with Swift, Ruby on Rails, DevOps and PaaS offerings.Demonstrated experience in .NET frameworks, MSQL, Rackspace, Visual Studio Online, Tableau, PHPTwo (2) years of experience with service-oriented architecture (SOA) and representational state transfer (REST) web based services developmentAmerican Homes 4 Rent (NYSE: AMH) is a leader in the single-family home rental industry and is fast becoming a nationally recognized brand, known for high quality, good value and tenant satisfaction. We are an internally managed Maryland real estate investment trust, or REIT, focused on acquiring, renovating, leasing, and operating attractive, single-family homes as rental properties in selected submarkets in 22 statesJob Location  Seattle, US-WA 
 If you love to create solutions to business problems with PHP code, we’ve got a great opportunity for you. Working in a small team of 7 developers using an agile style development method, you’ll create meaningful solutions for a growing business. We want someone who understands the business case and enhances the solutions rather than just writing code. If you have strong experience and a strong desire to contribute through personal and team contributions, we want to talk to you.  In HR speak, that means we want you to:  · Modify and develop software based on user needs.  · Balance multiple projects and adapt to changing priorities.  · Define objectives by analyzing user requirements; envisioning system features and functionality.  · Ensure system performance.  · Collaborate with developers, analyst, and users. Qualifications: · Knowledge of data base structures and application development equivalent to a two year college degree.  · Strong experience with PHP and/or other development languages.  · Strong understand of SQL Language (MySQL or MS SQL experience preferred)  · The following experience is preferred but not required:  o Basic server administration  o Linux  o Javascript, Query, AJAX (XMLHttpRequests)  o Experience developing ecommerce solutions  o Apache web server configuration  · Work requires three to five years in software development environment  Come join the Geiger business family, the largest family owned Promotional Product Distributor, in Lewiston, ME.  Like us on Facebook Equal Opportunity Employer (EEO) Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) Poster http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/fmlaen.pdf Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA) Poster http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf
 Location: AA Headquarters 2 (DFW-HDQ2)  Additional Locations: None  Requisition ID: 14772Job Description  American is in the business of serving the travel needs of our customers. At the core of the Company is our commitment to our customer, people just like you. We are dedicated to developing and delivering what our customers value and are willing to pay for. Customer-centric planning, innovative marketing and an exceptional customer experience are supported by a cadre of talented people. Successful candidates will join a team of developers responsible for leveraging cutting edge technology to solve business problems in Customer Hub group at American Airlines. Candidates will participate in all phases of the development process from inception through transition. In addition, candidates will provide production support and be involved in maintenance and enhancement work. Candidates will use object oriented development tools to analyze, model, design, construct and test reusable objects. This includes developing applications, which may interface with other systems. Candidates should be comfortable working in an environment committed to Service Oriented Architecture.  Job Qualifications The ideal candidate will have at least a bachelor’s degree in computer science or computer engineering and experience in the Java programming language.Candidates will gain experience working with technologies such as Spring, SOAP and REST web services, JSP, SQL, Oracle, Apache Tomcat, JMS and HTML.Candidates will also use Windows, Linux, or similar.Exposure to UML and the principles of Agile software development are desired.Candidates must be able to work well within a team environment as well as independently.Strong written and oral communication skills are required.Additional Locations: None  Requisition ID: 14772 Nearest Major Market: Fort Worth Nearest Secondary Market: Dallas Job Segment: Application Developer, Developer, Engineer, Database, Oracle, Technology, Engineering

ScaleFactor, Inc. is seeking a Senior Software Developer to add to our expanding engineering team. ScaleFactor is a high-growth organization bringing a new-age, IT-driven approach to the accounting and finance arenas of both start-up and scaling companies. Successful candidates must possess the entrepreneurial drive & spirit to thrive in a fast-paced, evolving environment. Our team is in need of another talented developer that has the Development knowledge and has the passion to create high-quality products. The position allows for the opportunity to have a direct impact in all areas of ScaleFactor, now and in the future.The ideal candidate is comfortable having responsibilities that vary significantly month over month, some of which will include the following day-to-day activitiesContribute to the design and development of product featuresHelp build out ScaleFactor’s development platformShowcase logic/solution-driven thinkingTake the initiative in a team leader roleWork with product and other internal teams to build cross-team functionality and troubleshoot issuesCurrent Tech Stack is: Rails, Ember.js, and Postgres.DEMONSTRATED SKILLS & MINDSETGoal oriented, high energy, ability to work in fast-paced environmentTechnology savvy, can-do attitude, and approachProblem-solving and proactive decision-makingAdaptability and resourcefulness to drive resultsHighly self-motivated and versatileTechnological optimist looking to createQUALIFICATIONS5+ years of experienceWeb application experience is a mustExperience with Rails and working with Rails APIsExperience with Ember.js is a plusExperience with Amazon Web Services (AWS)Experience designing software and/or the capability to build maintainable, future-focused softwareExperience solving large application and user level problems such as performance and scalabilityExperience writing bootstrapping/extensible applicationsExperience with web securityExperience with SQL, and familiarity with databases such as PostgresLots of debugging experienceBS in computer science, engineering, or related field is preferred 
 Are you eager to work within a large and complex codebase? Do you get satisfaction from knowing that you did things the right way, even if it’s the harder way? Are you passionate about exceeding user’s expectations? Does creating and modernizing a SaaS product used to help nonprofits transform lives excite you? If so, keep reading!  What You’ll Do  Write, test, and maintain awesome code. Delight our clients by creating awesome cloud software. Collaborate with your peers in Product Development. Innovate! Find new and exciting ways to use emerging cloud technologies to improve our products. Learn! Explore new technologies and their applicability to Company products. Bachelor’s Degree or Diploma in Computer Science or Computer Programming, or equivalent experience. 1+ year of experience/knowledge creating enterprise level software/reporting systems in an agile/scrum environment. Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as JQuery and React. Use/understanding of PHP Code Frameworks Experience with SQL Queries using MySQL as well as SQL Query creation and optimizationWhy We’re Awesome Fun Fact: Lee on the Apricot Dev Team was at one point ranked 5th in world for Street Fighter.  At Social Solutions, we’re mission focused and results oriented! We’re a diverse team of innovators, creatives, and digital architects that come together to help organizations transform lives. Social Solutions’ software (SaaS) helps some of the most vulnerable human beings in our society. Our software for Nonprofits allows them to spend less time on compliance and more time on ensuring the effectiveness of their service programs for the people who rely on them. Since our software was designed by direct service works for direct service providers, it also helps them to demonstrate impact to stakeholders. What You’ll Get Amazing coworkers 100% employer paid benefits for employees 8 hours per quarter of volunteer time Company sponsored events and happy hours Career advancement opportunities That’s not all, folks!All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

What You'll DoThe selected candidate will be part of a team that builds and supports custom, enterprise-wide, Web-based applications for our clients. In this position, the candidate will experience the full lifecycle of application development in an energetic and professional team environment. Some travel may be required. US citizens or permanent residents only.ResponsibilitesThe primary function of this position is to design, build, deploy, and support enterprise-wide, Web-based applications for our global clients by performing the following duties: Design, code, and implement new systems using a variety of technologies.Implement bug fixes and enhancements on existing systems.Ensure system quality by performing unit and full system testing.Provide user support as needed.Document system requirements as needed.What You'll NeedTo succeed in this challenging role, candidates should possess the following characteristics: Development experience utilizing Java/J2EE or C#/.NETExperience with one or more RDBMS (Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL)Experience with client-side technologies: HTML/XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAXExperience or exposure to any of the following is a plus: .NET, Apache Tomcat, Hibernate, Struts, Spring, Velocity, Crystal Reports, SQL Server Reporting Services, Linux, Liferay, Microsoft SharePointAbility to work as part of a small teamAbility to support existing systems and interact with end usersAbility to quickly learn and implement new technologiesStrong work ethic and ability to meet strict deadlinesStrong verbal and written communications skillsThe right candidate is a:Driven learner who loves researching new technologiesWell educated and experienced technologist who can function throughout the entire technical stackBusiness minded professional who understands how to transform business needs into technical solutionsCollaborative Engineer who is able to work independently or as part of a small teamStrong verbal and written communicator with the ability to interface directly with clientsHow to reach us:Email your resume to Abigail.Baker@echelonllc.com  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Software Developer - Cincinnati, OH Do you thrive on developing engineering and technical software? Do you have an understanding of CAD/CAM technology? Would you enjoy working with a global leader in nesting and machine motion solutions for the fabrication industry? If so, you may be the person we need to join our team as a Software Developer to use your creative skills and innovative expertise to design, implement and maintain functions and modules as part of a constantly developing solution suite. If you are selected for this role, you will:Refine and interpret Functional Requirement SpecificationsArchitect functions, algorithms and solutionsParticipate in design and coding activities with other developers and with cross-functional teamsWork with testers to ensure quality and robustnessPerform customer designed, custom programming as neededEnhance and maintain existing applicationsKey Requirements Include:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or Electrical or Mechanical Engineering, or related field2-4 years of experience in software development; experience in CAD/CAM is a plusFamiliarity with agile development methodsPassion for full stack (front and/or backend) developmentProficiency with C# or a comparable modern .NET programming languageDesirable but not required:Mathematical or Mechanical Engineering backgroundInterest or experience with computational geometryExperience with Delphi/Pascal, WPF, SQL, LINQ, or unit testingSigmaTEK Systems provides robust CAD/CAM software solutions for every size business, from new job shops to established manufacturers. Since our founding in 1993, we have been dedicated to research, development, and extensive support for our products, including SigmaNEST, SigmaTUBE, SigmaBEND, SimTrans, and SigmaMRP. SigmaNEST leads the world in nesting systems for fabrication, providing unsurpassed material utilization, motion optimization, manpower efficiency, manufacturing automation, and data management.  Here at SigmaTEK, we embrace the challenge of helping our customers make better products.  At our core, we value helping each other and our customers. “It’s not my job” is a phrase you won’t hear with us.  All of our team members – whether in accounting, marketing or product development – thrive on the same curiosity engineers are known for: How does this work? Why do we do it this way? How can we do it better?  We do our jobs at a high velocity—our make or break is faster, elegant innovation. Moving quickly to accomplish our goals is a must.  And nothing feels better than driving home at the end of the day and knowing the satisfaction in a job well done.  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F/M/V) and welcome you to apply at:  www.sigmanest.com/company/careers  We perform pre-employment background checks and maintain a drug-free workplace.
SUMMARY The Software Developer is responsible for translating business requirements into secure, maintainable software applications for BECU. This involves analysis, design, implementation, unit testing and maintenance of back-end, middle-tier and front end software components, as well as integrating to third-party systems and software products. The tech stack is primarily Microsoft (.NET, SQL Server) and the methodology varies depending on the project. RESPONSIBILITIESPerform all responsibilities in accordance with BECU Competencies and Information Protection requirements.Work with BECU departments to understand business computer related processes and incorporate those processes into application software that supports the annual operating and strategic plans.Work with BECU’s consultant(s) and third party vendors to design and develop new software applications and programs to support BECU business needs.Be responsible for the technical documentation and maintenance of custom programming software.Be responsible for programming enhancements and changes, when necessary, for reports and software.Be knowledgeable of the current method of operation in each department and how software enhancements and new modules will effect and change operations within the various departments and the Credit Union as a whole.Work with project teams and Program Managers to ensure effective implementation of software.Coordinates with appropriate IT areas and business units when implementing software into the “live” environment and provide necessary documentation of any changes to procedure.Be knowledgeable in how to utilize the various operating systems at BECU, database languages, related programming languages, and other software as required for project implementation.Provide assistance to identify and maintain custom software programming in conjunction with vendor updates.Attend meetings, in conjunction with or in the absence of the IT Development Resources Manager to ensure ongoing knowledge and communication of projects.Perform responsibilities consistent with the IT area’s Shared Values.Have a thorough understanding of Credit Union operations, including how departments interact with one another.Serve as a member of the Disaster Recovery Team for Information Technology.Ensure that written procedures are documented for all functions within area of responsibility and update as necessary.Perform additional duties as assigned.QUALIFICATIONSAbility to plan, organize, schedule, and implement multiple projects simultaneously.Excellent conceptual and organizational skills.Willingness to keep up with developments in the technical and financial services industries.Excellent verbal and written skills to effectively communicate in the English language.Ability to work independently, and as a team member, while using discretion in decision making and sound judgement in problem solving.Excellent interpersonal skills to work effectively with staff, management, and vendors regarding software issues.Ability to present a professional image to vendors and co-workers.Proficient PC skills, with the ability to learn new software.Full time hours required, with additional hours as necessary to accomplish objectives, goals, and projects.Ability to sit or stand within proximity of terminal.B.A. or B.S. degree in Computer Science, MIS, Business or equivalent work experience required.Minimum 5 years of experience designing software and writing production code in a team environment required.Recent experience with the core of Microsoft’s tech stack (.NET, SQL, etc.)Experience with the following required: Visual Studio.NET Development Creating and consuming SOAP Web ServicesASP.NET Web Site DevelopmentGeneral Familiarity with the .NET FrameworkC #Microsoft SQL Server Familiarity with basic DDL and CRUD operations.Transact-SQL Stored ProceduresStandards-compliant responsive web development (HTML/CSS/JavaScript).Familiarity with any of the following is preferred: Financial industry experience.Business Intelligence experienceEEO Statement: BECU is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected status.
 Company DescriptionKinetica is a "hot" startup in the Big Data / Real-time analysis / ML / Geo Spatial space. We are more than doubling annual revenue year-over-year and just closed a $50M Series A Funding. We are seeking proven technical professionals who want to lead the charge on the front lines of an exciting and disruptive technology.Job Description  Our QE team is responsible for validating Kineticas software products, on our supported operating systems and hardware platforms through exploratory, and automated efforts. We represent the customer perspective and drive product quality and testing efficiency. We are looking to build a local software testing team that will test data processing stacks and DevOps capability to simulate complex scenarios. In this role, Software Developer in Test will...Develop (code) and write test cases, acceptance criteria, test plans and test proceduresBuild automated systems and develop testing processes, to ensure the delivery of high-quality software to our customersWork closely with our development, research and product teams to iteratively deliver quality code to productionCollect and analyze data to help validate and improve the efficiency of QA and development processes Qualifications Skills and experiences we'd like you to bring to the role:Technical Degree (preferred) or equivalent experiences3+ years of experience testing distributed platforms/endpoints/software compatibilityComfortable with coding (preferred) and/or testing software written in one or several languages such as C/C++, Python, Java, JavaScriptStrong technical and problem-solving skills to identify and remove roadblocksExperience with Linux and BASH shell scripting (preferred)Hands-on experience with writing automation test code using leading industry standard tools and frameworks that can simulate complex multi-system scenariosPassion for debugging and determining root causeExperience working on various Agile development methodologies and focused on using QA and development metrics to drive decision makingExcellent verbal and written communication skillsBased in the DC metro area (preferred)Bonus experience:Experience with CI/CD processes (e.g. CircleCi)Experience with JMeterExperience with API Performance testingPenetration Testing Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
 Overview  BKD is a place where people build careers, gain new skills and enjoy big firm resources with a small firm approach to teamwork and camaraderie. We focus on providing unmatched client service to everyone we encounter—both in the marketplace and in our offices.  We also offer the support, resources and opportunities you need to further develop your career. We listen to learn, combine innovation with practicality and give back to the communities where we live and work.  See what we offer new hires in terms of competitive compensation, People First benefits and paid time off.  Take your career to the next level at BKD. About BKDBKD, LLP, a national CPA and advisory firm, can help individuals and businesses realize their goals. Our approximately 2,600 dedicated professionals provide solutions for clients in all 50 states and internationally. BKD and its subsidiaries offer a variety of tax, accounting and consulting services and combine the insight and ideas of thought leaders in multiple industries. Learn more at bkd.com.  The BKD Application Development team is a motivated scrum team that is responsible for designing and delivering exceptional software. As the Software Developer, you will be problem solving and providing hands on development working on current and new apps. The team has developed 4 apps over the past 18 months for our firm and our clients. The environment is quick paced with a collaborative and productive team that drives code for new applications (80% of the work will be new development and 20% maintenance). This is an opportunity for you to play a prominent role in the further development of key apps for BKD and its clients. ResponsibilitiesDesign, code, test and analyze software programs and applications in accordance with user needs and architectural standards.Research, design, document and modify software specifications throughout the production lifecycle.Analyze and amend software errors in a timely and accurate fashion and provide status reports where required.Partner with application architects, server engineers, business analysts, quality assurance analysts, as well as end-users, in order to develop and deliver effective applications and interfaces.Serve as a hands-on developer with experience and responsibilities for leading and supervising other developers.Evaluate coding and the work product of other developers.QualificationsFormal Education & CertificationBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, or related field is required.Candidate should have 3-5 years of professional web development, a proven track record developing public-facing web sites and a general passion for web-development.Microsoft certifications are a plusKnowledge & Experience3-5 years of professional web development in a high-traffic, public-facing web environmentExperience developing data driven web applications in ASP.net (WPF,Web Forms, MVC 5) in a Services Oriented Architecture (SOA)Experience in mobile web technologies including responsive design for various size devicesUnderstanding of object-oriented design and software development principles and best practicesUnderstanding of web-based architecture (web servers, load balancing, caching, databases, replication, etc.) and Microsoft technologiesExperience with databases (SQL Server).Experience with JavaScript and other web technologies (CSS, HTML5, AJAX, JQuery, XHTML, Json, etc.).Understanding of version control techniques (TFS 2015).Familiar with Web APIsAbility to contribute to a culture of communication, collaboration and creativity. Familiarity with the public accounting industry is a plus Familiarity with waterfall and agile software development methodologiesExperience with coding best practices and software design principlesPersonal AttributesFlexible and adaptable in regards to learning and understanding new technologiesStrong written and oral communication skillsStrong interpersonal skillsAbility to conduct research into software-related issues and productsHighly self-motivated and directedKeen attention to detailAnalytical and problem-solving abilitiesAbility to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environmentAbility to work both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environmentPlease note that you have to be a US citizen or a permanet resident to be considered for this role. Experience the BKD difference for yourself. For more information about our firm locations, visit bkd.com. BKD, LLP is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Employment selection and related decisions are made without regard to age, race, color, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status or other protected classifications. BKD does not accept unsolicited referrals or resumes from any source other than directly from candidates. We will not consider unsolicited referrals and/or resumes from vendors including and without limitation, search firms, staffing agencies, fee-based referral services and recruiting agencies.BKD will not pay a fee to a recruiter or agency that does not have a signed BKD vendor agreement. Any resume or CV submitted to any employee of BKD without having a BKD vendor agreement in place will be considered property of BKD. BKD will not be held liable to pay a placement fee.
The Opportunity Want to work for a company where you can have a genuine impact, be passionate about what you do, and work with a great team of people? At FastSpring, we work hard while keeping a fun, collaborative, and casual atmosphere. Headquartered in downtown Santa Barbara, our offices are just a few minutes from great restaurants, shops and the beach. If you're highly driven and want to work at an exciting, fast-growing e-commerce and subscription management SaaS company, consider joining the FastSpring team. We offer a dynamic work environment, competitive compensation, equity, growth opportunities, benefits and more for the right candidate. The Position FastSpring is looking for a Software Engineer to join a growing team at its headquarters in Santa Barbara, CA. The Software Engineer will be responsible for developing incremental changes, bug fixes and larger features for FastSprings SaaS ecommerce platform, which serves the store-front, payment, digital fulfillment, and post-order needs of digital retailers worldwide. ResponsibilitiesDevelop and test new features, incremental changes, and bug fixes to a production-ready state using agile development processesContribute to architectural designsDefine and implement automated tests for new developmentParticipate in code review processDevelop skills with new technologiesQualifications3+ years Java / JavaScript2+ years AWS experience, including EC2, S3, RDS, DynamoDB; experience with Lambda and Redshift is a plus3+ years experience developing software services using RESTful APIsAbility to automate tasks through scriptingUnderstanding of agile development processesBachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent experienceAbout the Company Founded in 2005 and with thousands of customers worldwide, FastSpring powers the digital economy with a cloud-based e-commerce & subscription management platform that helps software & SaaS companies monetize their products and services onlineworldwide. FastSpring provides an end-to-end payment processing, merchandising & fulfillment solution for companies that sell desktop software, SaaS, video games, e-books and other digital products.  FastSpring is an EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION employer. Candidates are considered for employment with FastSpring without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, gender, pregnancy, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, military status, veteran status (specifically status as a disabled veteran, special disabled veteran, Vietnam Era veteran, recently separated veteran, armed forces service medal veteran, or other protected veteran) or other classification protected by applicable federal, state or local law.
Position Summary The AEM team in the US is looking for a talented and highly motivated Software Developer with a thorough understanding of Java and client side technologies and a passion for delivering high quality software. Main ResponsibilitiesDesign, develop and maintain software for various components of AEM major releases according to specifications;Work as part of a highly motivated Scrum team;Main RequirementsStrong computer science and algorithmic skillsExcellent knowledge of Java and experience with a Java technology stackExcellent knowledge of HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript and XML / JSONAmazon Web Services (AWS) and/or Microsoft Azure know-how is a plusAbility to identify and effectively apply new tools, techniques and technologies required by the projectGood problem solving and troubleshooting skillsStrong interpersonal communication skillsAmbitious and self-drivenProactive and detail-orientedGreat team player At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists. You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.  If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer.  Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.  At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists. You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.  If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer.  Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.
 Tracking Code  87-125  Job Description Company Overview Sageworks is a financial information company based in Raleigh, NC that provides loan portfolio and risk management solutions to financial institutions and financial analysis and valuation applications to accounting firms and private companies. Through these applications, we have created the largest real-time database of private-company financial information in the United States, which is used by media outlets including the Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg, CNBC, American Banker and Accounting Today to report on economic performance. Sageworks has been recognized by Inc. Magazine and Deloitte as one of the fastest-growing technology companies in the U.S., and we have a deliberately unique environment and culture that is casual yet results-oriented. Position Overview We are seeking a highly motivated and skilled software developer to help us leverage and build upon our core expert system and suites of financial analysis products. The position will require development work in a fast-paced, intense environment at a rapidly growing company. The expectation for this individual is to not only execute but innovate at a high level. Ideal candidates must be passionate about software development. Our culture allows for regular sharing of innovative ideas and implementation of the best designs all within a causal work space environment and dog friendly office. We believe in challenging our developers with large-scale, intellectually stimulating work and rewarding them with very competitive compensation packages. ResponsibilitiesBuild, enhance, and maintain world-class web applications.Develop product specifications, build prototypes, and write test plans.Take ownership of your work, and provide feedback in a fast-paced, iterative development cycle.Quickly find solutions to technical challenges, ranging from building super smooth UIs to efficiently performing complex calculations to designing data structures to represent complex systems.Make mistakes, fail fast, and grow quickly. Required Skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field.Experience in web development and Object-Oriented Design preferred.Experience with the traditional front-end web stack (HTML, CSS, JavaScript).Experience with the following web technologies is preferred: AngularJS, Knockout, nHibernate, C#, Java, ASP.NET, SQL.Experience in delivering commercial strength software products used by thousands of users preferred.Excellent communication skills.Strong attention to detail. Job Location  Raleigh, North Carolina, United States  Position Type  Full-Time/Regular
 Apply early as this job may be removed or filled prior to the closing date, which is approximately seven (7) days after the posting date.  Job Location: Fort Worth Anticipated Start Date: 06/18/2018 Number of Positions: 3 Salary Range: $45,760 - $54,080 Salary Band: 19 #LI-BNSFDUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES: An OR Intern-Fellow’s work in the BNSF Operations Research and Advanced Analytics Group may include, but is not limited to, the following: Design and develop software, architecture, specifications and technical interfaces.Develop clear, flexible, familiar and consistent user interfacesDevelop, deliver and test software prototypes.Build flexible data models and seamless integration points. Time/Location This position requires an onsite presence in our Fort Worth office.40 hours per week, Monday through Friday, is preferred. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:Masters or Ph.D. students pursuing a major or minor in one of the following: Computer Science, Software Engineering, Operations Research, Applied Mathematics, Industrial Engineering, or Transportation. Ph.D. students are preferred.An overall GPA of 3.0 is required. An overall GPA of 3.5 is preferred.Familiarity with any programming languages such as Java, C++, or .NET.Strong analytical skills and experience on working with large data setsExcellent written and communication skillsAptitude for computer programming – e.g., CPLEX, VBA, SAS, and Java or another object-oriented programming languageFamiliarity with Microsoft Office – e.g., Word, Excel, Access, and PowerPointWorks effectively in teams   BNSF Railway is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled.   Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC): Federal authority requires BNSF employees, whose work requires unescorted access to secure areas of port facilities, to obtain a TWIC. A TWIC is a condition of employment for such positions and requires candidates to those positions to submit to a TSA security assessment (to include, but not limited to, providing: biographic information; identity documents; fingerprints; digital photograph). More information is available at www.tsa.gov/for-industry/twic.
 OverviewMOTIVATED…..make IT happen! Awarded TOP WORKPLACE six consecutive years About Us:Sentinel delivers solutions that can efficiently address a range of IT needs – from communications, to data center, to cloud and managed services, which includes our staffing solutions. Since 1982, Sentinel has grown from providing technology maintenance services to our current standing as one of the leading IT services and solutions provider in the US. We have aligned with many of today’s global technology leaders including Cisco, Microsoft, Vmware, Dell/EMC, and NetApp. Sentinel services customers both nationally and internationally with primary support operating centers in Chicago, Downers Grove (HQ), and Springfield, IL; Phoenix, AZ.; Ann Arbor, Lansing, Grand Rapids and Crystal Falls, MI; Milwaukee, WI; Denver, CO; Atlanta, GA.  If you are MOTIVATED… you can make IT happen at Sentinel. Our commitment to our employees is to create a work environment that encourages creativity, an entrepreneurial spirit, fosters growth through certification and hands-on training, values a team-oriented culture and rewards based on impact!  If you are Motivated you can join our team and make IT happen! Learn more at www.sentinel.com/careers.ResponsibilitiesSoftware Developer Sentinel is seeking a Software Developer to join one of our clients. This position will work with the Principle Software Engineer to design and implement products. This role will develop design documentation related to software development and assist Technical Services with customer requests and issues. This is a direct hire opportunity located in Elgin, IL. #DNPAJE-Don't ScrapeQualifications 2-5 years of programming experienceExperience in HTML, C#, C/C++Familiarity with XML/XSL, SOAP, and VBStrong background in developing complex software systems, preferably using OOD methodologiesBachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering-related fieldExperience in a Regulated Industry is preferredA valid driver’s license and proof of vehicle insurance will be requiredThe candidate must have a car, as this position may require travel between location and the transportation of equipmentLegally authorized to work in the US without sponsorshipMust be currently working in a similar positionMust demonstrate a “can-do” attitude We focus on candidates that display our “ACE” factor – Attitude, Compassion, and Enthusiasm to deliver quality solutions with exceptional customer service.  As part of Sentinel's employment process, candidates will be required to complete a background check. Only those who meet the minimum requirements will be contacted. No phone calls please.  Sentinel is proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, marital status, genetics, disability, pregnancy, veteran status or any other basis protected by law.  If you are an individual with a disability and need assistance in applying for a position, please contact SentinelHR@sentinel.com.
 Trading nowadays happens in a highly competitive technological landscape; the best trading idea alone doesn’t cut it anymore. Instead, only the best trading ideas that are enabled via robust, scalable and fast technology win.  Do you enjoy the process of problem solving, a process where you recognize areas of improvement and iterate and innovate to improve? Does your curiosity and desire to learn drive you? SOFTWARE ENGINEERING AT IMC:We trade in the most competitive markets across the globe. Our software makes millions of trading decisions daily. We win by making better and faster decisions than our competition. As a software developer you’ll be working alongside traders to implement strategies which will challenge you to be creative with your implementation. You’ll need to produce solutions which compete in the extremely latency sensitive environment, whilst managing complexity.You’ll be working in a highly motivated team, controlling end-to-end product development. We work in an environment where slight oversights can be extremely costly, while new features can be extremely profitable. As a team we aim to balance the race to production with software quality and testability. You’ll be placed in an environment consisting primarily of C++ and Java. We have a build chain which has been designed around the concept of daily production releases. A variety of systems and technologies keeps life interesting.Upon joining you will be expected to manage your own time and tasks. We rely on our developers to drive change by taking feedback from traders, and shaping that into an implementation. Your ownership of the task continues until a working production release. Our most successful developers comfortably work in any part of our stackWHAT MAKES IT FUN?One of the most fun aspects of the job is that we have a very quick feedback loop. We release early and often to get incremental benefits as they are developedWe operate at the bleeding edge of technology. If something new can potentially bring an advantage we will actively invest in developing and utilizing the solutionWe really believe in sharing knowledge and technology between the different offices. Much of our technology stack is shared between all 3 regions, and we provide opportunities to travel between the regions both for personal growth and to assist where it has the biggest impact.To get the best results we encourage everybody to gain understanding of both the trading strategy and how exchanges work on a technological level.Working at IMC is also an opportunity to learn about financial markets. We know from experience that a lot of people really enjoy learning about a field beyond their immediate area of expertise, it’s one of the things that makes this job more interesting than others.We employ a broad range of people with varying backgrounds. What they have in common is their superior technical expertise, their extraordinary smarts and their collaborative approach. We will not accept less.WHO YOU ARE:Have at least 2 years of professional work experience in software development post graduationExcellent Java or C++ programming skillsDevelopment experience in a Linux/UNIX environmentExtensive experience with OOP/OODStrong knowledge of algorithms, data structures, and threadingProficiency in design patternsScripting knowledgeNon-relational, distributed database experience is a plus (not a requirement)Strong analytical skills and desire to solve complicated problems programmaticallyMust be self-directed, and able to work productively under minimal supervisionWillingness to work closely with traders in a constantly changing environmentInterest in the Financial Markets; previous knowledge is NOT requiredAnyone graduating in 2017 or 2018 should apply through our graduate application process found on our website; please do not fill out an application through this posting if you're graduating in 2017 or 2018OUR CULTURE: We are at the core a trading firm, however we value trading and technology equally and we believe that cooperation between traders and technologists is one of our great strengths. This is also reflected in our organizational and remuneration policies. We believe in fostering a truly flat environment in which great ideas can be recognized as well as put into practice from anybody within our organization WHO WE ARE: IMC Financial Markets is among the world’s leading proprietary trading firms, and a market maker in securities listed on exchanges across the globe. Our cutting-edge technology drives everything we do. High performance algorithms, smart strategies and collaborative teams are the core of our business.  Today, IMC Financial Markets is 500+ people working together to build software and trade financial products in our offices in Amsterdam, Chicago and Sydney. What does this mean for you? The chance to join a multi-national, multi-cultural team of exceptional individuals, focused on making IMC the world’s best trading firm.
POSITION SUMMARY The Software Engineer will design, code, and unit test new features and modifications. They will also triage, re-factor, and troubleshoot issues found within large scale applications and maintain integrity of existing program logic according to specifications. The Software Engineer will also deliver working software in compliance with technical architectures and integrate software components into a fully functional software system. You will be expected to own and produce quality work timely QUALIFICATIONSBachelor’s Degree in Computer Information Systems or a related field; or equivalent work experience.Experience developing software systems of medium-to-large scope and complexity.Experience in web related technologies (Web applications, Web Services, Service Oriented Architectures, REST)Solid understanding of both the business and the technical aspects of corporate IT.Previous experience in the Logistics and Transportation Industry is helpful and preferred.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Ability to collaborate and build consensus with team members in all areas of the business.Ability to work under minimal direction from management.Ability to organize, plan, prioritize and follow through on work.Ability to work with all levels of employees and consultants.Ability to build & maintain strong relationships.Ability to turn ambiguous information into meaningful requirements.Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.Tools Technology and Equipment RequirementsASP.NET MVC 5 and above, C#/.NET 4.5 and above, ASP.NET Web APIShould have used any one of: MVC, MVVM, MVPSQL Server / T-SQL queries and procedure developmentWorking knowledge of source control toolsSaaS/Cloud based platform (preferably Azure) WORKING CONDITIONSPhysical Working Conditions and Office Setting DescriptionRequires prolonged sitting, standing, frequent bending, stooping, or stretching.Some lifting may be required.Frequent and prolonged typing and frequent and prolonged operation of computer, keyboard, and telephones required.Requires occasional use of fax machines, telephones, copiers, and other office equipment.Employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and or move up to 50 pounds.Other ConditionsPlease note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
Position OverviewMemSQL Software Engineers are at the forefront of real-time technology thats revolutionizing how companies run their businesses everyday. With release cycles throughout the year, our engineers are accustomed to moving quickly in a rapid production environment. To do this successfully, we work collaboratively and creatively across teams to maximize our opportunity for impact. We also believe its important to celebrate our wins together whether it be at local spot or getting out of the city for some exploring.  As a Software Engineer, University Graduate, you will be empowered to own your projects end-to-end and be an active contributor throughout the product life cycle. To expedite your growth path, you will partner with engineers who deeply care about your success and will lend their expertise to your professional development. Our engineers are not just technical partners, but are also business partners who are exposed to all areas of the business, working with teams such as product, marketing, and sales.Role and ResponsibilitiesOur Software Engineers work on small, collaborative teams to help drive our company forward. Whether youre building new features in Javascript and React.js, increasing the runtime and performance of a MemSQL cluster, or writing new C++ code for the query optimizer, our University Graduates are responsible for brand new and existing projects that are deployed into production with each release. Your work will include everything from writing to testing software, and youll gain a significant understanding of both the product and the business.Required Skills and ExperienceB.S. Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related disciplineDeep understanding of C.S. fundamentalsStrong programming skills with Python, Go, C, C++, or JavaScriptPassionate about building highly reliable softwareFirm grasp of algorithms and data structures MemSQL envisions a world of adaptable databases and flexible data workloads - your data anywhere in real time. Today, global enterprises use MemSQL as a real-time data warehouse to cost-effectively ingest data and produce industry-leading time to insight. MemSQL works as a managed service, in any cloud, or on-premises environment.  Headquartered in San Francisco, CA with offices in Seattle, WA and Portland OR, MemSQL has raised nearly $100M from top investors including Accel Partners and Khosla Ventures, among others. MemSQL is trusted by customers including Uber, Akamai, Dell EMC, Samsung, Comcast, Kellogg, and more.  Consistent with our commitment to diversity & inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people. To all recruitment agencies: MemSQL does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to MemSQL employees. MemSQL is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
Cisco is the worldwide leader in networking that transforms how people connect, communicate, and collaborate. Since 1984, Cisco has led in the innovation of IP-based networking technologies such as routing, switching, security, unified communications, video, and wireless. Our responsible business practices help ensure business sustainability and environmentally conscious operations and products.  Cisco is a $40 Billion dollar global leader in supplying leading edge, best-in-class networking products driving today's Internet. The company is ranked as one of the world's best employers and spends over $5 Billion dollars a year invested in R&D. Cisco is a great place to grow your career.  Who You'll Work With  Central Software Group (CSG) seeks an experienced Engineer to deliver software solutions for our Service-Provider/ DataCenter/Enterprise products. This is an excellent opportunity to participate in development of flexible software in CSG for the next generation networking product’s. What You'll Do ● Be a part of the overall BGP Routing Team (the best in the industry) in Central Software Group of Cisco, contributing to Design, Development, Coding and Test of routing software modules, that enable critical solutions for the Service provider, and provide them a competitive edge.  ● Develop automated tests in Python/C for developed software features to ensure high-quality handoff to the Test team.  ● Conduct and participate in peer code/design reviews.  ● Deliver detailed functional and design specifications of the software.  ● Work closely with the adjacent software teams in defining the programming interfaces into the various other software modules. Who You Are Minimum Qualifications & Desired Skills  ● BS degree in CS/EE/CE or technical equivalent.  ● Knowledge of Routing Technologies, BGP, OSPF, ISIS, MPLS protocols is a definite plus.  ● Unicast/Multicast Forwarding experience would help too.  ● Proficient in "C" and multithread programming, scripting languages (Tcl, Python, Perl) is a plus.  ● Understands advanced architecture principles and design practices  ● Creative problem solving skills and excellent troubleshooting/debugging skills  ● Good understanding of concepts in operating system, Inter process communication, high availability etc.  ● Experience in manageability frameworks such as Yang/snmp/xml is a plus  ● Strong written and verbal communication  ● Excellent teamwork and people skills  ● Ability to manage multiple tasks and work towards long-term goals  ● Flexibility and openness to change  ● Self motivated and highly ambitious  ● Familiarity with Unix/Linux. Experience using RTOS (ex: QNX, VxWorks)  ● Understanding of networking fundamentals and protocols (ex: TCP/IP, Multicast) Minimum QualificationsAbility to solve complex problems involving multiple products.Ability to effectively present technological concepts to a wide audience.Ability to influence the development of industry wide standards.Exercises good judgement determining how to best achieve technical objectives of assignment.Creative problem solving skills and excellent troubleshooting/debugging skillsExcellent teamwork and people skillsProgramming experience (C, C++ ), script languages (Perl, Python)Familiarity with Unix/LinuxExperience working on embedded systemsExperience using RTOS (ex: QNX, VxWorks)Understanding of networking fundamentals and protocols (ex: TCP/IP, OSPF, BGP, MPLS)Educational Background Master’s degree (or Bachelor's degree with 3+) years of experience in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or related major About Cisco The Internet of Everything is a phenomenon driving new opportunities for Cisco and it's transforming our customers' businesses worldwide. We are pioneers and have been since the early days of connectivity. Today, we are building teams that are expanding our technology solutions in the mobile, cloud, security, IT, and big data spaces, including software and consulting services. As Cisco delivers the network that powers the Internet, we are connecting the unconnected. Imagine creating unprecedented disruption. Your revolutionary ideas will impact everything from retail, healthcare, and entertainment, to public and private sectors, and far beyond. Collaborate with like-minded innovators in a fun and flexible culture that has earned Cisco global recognition as a Great Place To Work. With roughly 10 billion connected things in the world now and over 50 billion estimated in the future, your career has exponential possibilities at Cisco.
We currently have an opening for a C++ Software Developer in Lexington Park, MD.C++ Software Developer - Atlas Technologies, Inc. is leading the way in the Navys newest networking technologies and systems, and we are bringing our 19+ years of DoD experience to the PAX River area. We are looking for passionate and flexible IT professionals who like to geek out learning the latest gadgets and techniques. Our immediate opening for a C++ software developer will support our Navy customer and we are looking for local candidates or candidates who are open to moving to Southern Maryland. If you have a strong background in C++, Red Hat, and VMWare, come join our team Essential dutiesfunctions and areas of expertise include, but are not limited to:Software development and coding with C/C++ on Windows and Linux/Unix platformsSoftware development and coding with Pascal (Delphi preferred) on WindowsBash scripting on Linux/Unix (Red Hat and Debian preferred)Experience with VMWare VIX APIs.Experience with SQL Server and Windows Active Directory using LDAPExperience with Java Script / ASP.NETExperience with static analyzers, such as Fortify, is a plusExperience in an agile environment is a plusCoding within compliance of current DOD Information Assurance policies and instructionsContribute to the development and improvement of department standards and processesInterface with team members to convey information and to provide recommendationsPosition Requirements:Must be a US CitizenMust possess or be able to obtain and maintain a Department of Defense (DoD) Secret Level Security ClearanceMust be knowledgeable in coding in compliance with current DOD Information Assurance policiesStrong customer relations, documentation and oral communication skillsSelf-Motivated, strong work ethic and commitment to qualityA passion for learning about, and working in the IT industryEducation/Experience:BS Degree, or High School Diploma or GED with appropriate work experienceFive (5+) years of C++ software development experienceThree (3+) years experience with Linux (Red Hat preferred) or Windows Visual Studio development and scriptingC# experience is a plusAtlas Technologies, Inc. is an innovative provider of leading edge Information Technology (IT) solutions to Government and industry partners. Our primary focus and experience covers network integration, cybersecurity, software development, engineering, and management. At Atlas, we take pride in our highly experienced and driven employees who share our Core Values and our Vision of merging technology with integrity to create a positive impact for our clients, community and country. Atlas offers a highly competitive salary and benefits package including: Medical/Dental/Vision, Life & Disability Insurance, Paid Time Off/Holidays, 401k, Education Assistance, Charitable Matching, Wellness Program, Flex Time, Employee Recognition and Ancillary Benefits.Atlas is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status. Visit us at http://www.atlas-tech.com/careers/index.php to apply and join our growing team of professionals.
 Company DescriptionAs the world’s leading supplier of thermal analysis and rheology systems, TA Instruments is a fast growing and highly profitable division of an S&P 500 company, priding itself in innovation and an uncompromising commitment to customer support. Our continued growth relies on recruiting and developing individuals that can make a positive contribution to our business. For additional information about our high technology products sold to Global Fortune 500 companies and leading academic institutions and government laboratories around the world, visit our website at www.tainstruments.com.  Headquartered in Delaware, with manufacturing sites in the US and Europe, we are represented in all of the major markets around the world with sales offices in the USA, Canada, Japan, India, China, Taiwan, South Korea, Brazil, Mexico, Australia and across Europe.  TA Instruments is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Typical tasks of the position include, but are not limited toAs a Software Engineer you will: Research, design, develop and release/maintain: Application, User interface, Data analysis, Instrument control software for thermal analysis, rheological, and calorimetric instruments.Analyze system specifications and translate system requirements to task specifications.Responsible for analysis of current programs including performance, diagnosis and troubleshooting of problem programs and designing solutions to problematic programming.Working within a formal development process covering the full development lifecycle.Use code design abilities (including working to SOLID principles and some knowledge of engineering for performance) to generate and document appropriate designs.Work in collaboration with the agile team and appropriate experts to implement your designs.Provide code and supporting documentation in accordance with the coding guidelines, quality processes and applicable procedures, including team's definition of DONE.Work in collaboration with the agile team to generate automated and manual tests to verify implemented software.Provide work estimation and tracking information to support management decisions and planning.Keep a pro-active attitude to insure continuous improvement of the software quality, work process and individual skills.Provide contributions to the application architecture with a focus on scalability, maintainability, security and performance.Provide product specific and technical support to internal and external users where appropriate. As a Team Member you will: Participate in all team meetings and ceremonies in direct collaboration with other sites, provide input and feedback, take ownership on identified improvements.Actively participate in learning and sharing activities either during informal or formal training and demos.Demonstrate continuous technical improvement. The successful candidate will have a combination of knowledge, skills, and experience that would include the following You have a University degree (preferably in a science related subject or in engineering) You have C# and/or other .Net Programming experience and a basic experience in applying technical standards.You are using efficiently your communication, teamwork, analysis and decision making skills and you are familiar with Agile methodologies.You will be working closely with management team in evaluating current systems and making design decisions on future development.As new technologies emerge and impact our systems, you will learn these technologies very quickly and resolve any problems involved in integrating technologies with our systems.You care about software; you have a passion for what you do which you can clearly convey by your actions and experiences. You have an eye for software design and can talk eloquently on a range of topics due to your experiences and also from reading and experimentation.For you it’s more than a job. Among other things we’re strong advocates of creating quality software, and using the latest testing methodologies to ensure we meet the expectations of our customers.
Be visionary At FLIR, we have a simple but ambitious mission: to develop market-leading thermal and sensing technologies which enhance everyday life. From saving energy, to saving lives FLIR is making a real difference in our world.  Our products are used in a wide array of situations to rescue people in danger, detect criminals, conserve energy, navigate safely, provide security around the globe, and protect our environment.  We are looking for individuals who thrive on making an impact and want the excitement of being on a team that wins. Job DescriptionJob Summary:Responsible for helping FLIR develop user-friendly applications to run on handheld and stationary radiation detectors.In addition, responsible for developing web-based and native applications to run on phones, tablets, and computers that can connect and interface with FLIR’s handheld and stationary radiation detection instruments.Detailed Description:Responsible for designing, maintaining, and adding features to C# .NET applications running on handheld radiation detectors.Responsible for designing, maintaining, and adding features to web applications that are served via USB RNDIS from FLIR’s handheld devices.Responsible for designing, maintaining, and adding features to mobile applications for iOS and Android to communicate via Bluetooth with FLIR’s handheld devices.Responsible for providing technical assistance to customers when required.Requirements:Bachelor’s or Master’s in EECS or similar field.5+ years experience developing desktop, web, and mobile applications with C#, Java, and HTML.Proficient in C# .NET & XAML for designing graphical applications. Experience with C# Compact Framework and Windows CE is a plus.Experience with Linux Mono development is a plus.Able to understand custom XML Schema definitions.Familiar with MVC & MVVM design patterns.Experience with implementing and utilizing REST web APIs.DevOps experience Experience working with Git repositories for version control.Experience setting up and configuring Continuous Integration (CI) builds with TeamCity.Experience with bug/issue trackers like JIRA.Experience with the following Bluetooth protocols: LE, SPP, DUN, & PAN.Able to understand and debug C & C++ code.Familiarity with the Yocto Linux build process.Xamarin Xamarin.Forms XAML experience Experience writing custom renderers is a plus.Familiar with MVVM frameworks like PRISM.Familiar with Inversion-of-Control (IoC) containers like Autofac.Android development experience – Knowledge of Google’s APIs and Play Store requirements. Java or Kotlin knowledge is a plus.iOS development experience – Knowledge of Apple’s APIs and App Store requirements. ObjectiveC & Swift knowledge is a plus.Web development Knowledge of HTML, CSS, Javascript, & JSON is a must. Experience with JS libraries like Angular and JQuery is a plus.Able to develop web applications that are largely client-side, reducing the load of FLIR’s handhelds.Experience working with and designing custom web components like Google’s Polymer.Knowledge of Java & GWT is a plus.Experience with Node.js, NPM, Bower, Webpack, and Gulp is a plus.Working knowledge of basic gamma and neutron radiation detection and spectroscopy.Physics background in either education or work experience.10% travelUS Citizenship required FLIR and all of our employees are committed to conducting business with the highest ethical standards. We require all employees to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and regulatory orders. Our reputation for honesty, integrity and high ethics is as important to us as our reputation for making innovative sensing solutions.  FLIR is an equal opportunity employer.
 At this level, you have a proven knowledge of our systems, customers, and business. You’ve played a key role in the delivery of several projects and assisted bringing other team members on board. While learning for a software professional is never complete, you no longer require instructive pairing and oversight. You’ve taken the role of dominant pair to transfer knowledge and reinforce our practices and values. You’ve embraced the belief that great products come from the fusion of rock solid engineering, clear product vision, and a hypersensitivity to the user experience. At this level you don’t just focus on the craft of programming, but also understand and actively participate in the collaboration between product management, design, and engineering. As is expected of all team members, you continue to refine your understanding of our business and continue to develop empathy for our customers.  Job DescriptionEmbody and live the Scrum values of commitment, courage, focus, openness, and respect in all interactions, both within and outside of the team.Be an active team member. Listen a lot. Ask questions to seek clarity. Take the floor when you have information, experience, or perspective to share. Communicate impediments as they arise.A Scrum team collectively delivers on their sprint goals and commitments. All team members are expected to always be intimately familiar with, and working towards delivery of those commitments, never against.In partnership with Product Management, actively seek to gain a deeper understanding of the business context under which your team operates. Leverage this understanding to present feature recommendation to your Product Owner.In partnership with Design, continue to build empathy for the primary, as well as secondary, personas your team supports. Leverage this empathy to recommend small design changes to your Designer.As a highly technical member of the team, actively seek to master of our tech stack, tools, and practices.Complete modifications, refactoring, and bug fixes to existing functionality without the need for oversight.Perform complex changes and complicated refactoring under the direction of an experienced team member.While made up of many disciplines, the team delivers on commitments together. As such, it’s expected to perform documentation, design, and testing tasks as required by the team.Actively participate and contribute to technical discussions and code reviews.Evangelize and promote the successes and learnings of your team in formal ceremonies, such as sprint demos, as well as in casual conversation.Write queries, scripts, and data upgrades.Take point on supporting deployments and releases.Other duties as assigned. Requirements3-5 years of professional experience. Completed one or more projects on commercially available applications.B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or equivalent experience.Self-motivation drive to get things done and deliver on team commitments.Ability to be an active member of a Scrum team, embracing Scrum values.Ability to know when to ask, take, and respond positively to direction and supervision.Enthusiastic about company and programming company products.Can plan tasks and estimate their completion. Communicating impediments as they arise.Adapts well to changing conditions.Communicates efficiently verbally and through written documentation.Has a broad understanding of our systems, customers, and business goals as it pertains to the assigned team. SkillsFluent in C#. Highly knowledgeable of data structure, algorithms, and object oriented programming. Able to perform tasks effectively and pragmatically. Able to debug and diagnose complicated issues. Able to build from scratch implementations; following best practices.Conversant and comfortable with design patterns.Conversant and comfortable with working with legacy code.Conversant and comfortable web development (Asp.Net Web Forms, Asp.Net MVC, JavaScript, Html, CSS, JQuery). Displays working knowledge. Able to perform tasks effectively with frequent use of guides, research, and mentorship. Can replicate from similar works.Conversant and comfortable with Window and IIS.Conversant and comfortable with relational databases (SQL Server).Conversant with, embracing, and refining professional practices and methodologies (Test Driven Development, Pair Programming, Code Reviews, Refactoring Techniques, Agile/Scrum)Conversant and comfortable of our development tools (Visual Studio, Resharper, PowerShell, BitBucket (Git), Jira, Confluence, Roundhouse, Octopus Deploy)
 The Advanced Analytics team at Decision Resources Group (DRG) provides custom and semi-custom data and analytical solutions to some of the largest biopharmaceutical and medical technology companies in the world.  The Advanced Analytics team is composed of data scientists, social scientists, and software engineers. Our work involves adapting computational sociology, data science, and product design to serve our clients’ needs. Combining these methodologies we assist healthcare companies with their marketing, sales, and human resources objectives. With access to one of the largest healthcare datasets in the world and a rapidly growing market of clients, we’re helping transform healthcare.  Responsibilities Design pipelines that extract data from health claims, EHR and other databases, transform/clean them via complex algorithms, integrate them with other data sets, and store them.Write and edit automated and semi-automated scripts for data analysis and manipulation.Model semi-hierarchal healthcare data at multiple levels with formal knowledge modeling and entity schemesPerform hybrid qualitative-quantitative work to evaluate data sources, data pipelines, knowledge modeling schemes, and to recommend next stepsCollaborate with team members to build project plans and timelines.Transform vague directives into concrete, actionable tasks, procedures, and outputs.Help supervise training of junior team members.Requirements Required Qualifications Background and experience in… Software engineering – 3-5 years of software development experienceData engineering – 1-2 year of experience developing software for data science purposesTeam and project skills around… Project self-management; proven ability to execute complex, open-ended projects with little supervision.Teamwork, working with a close-knit group of other data scientists and developers.Computer Science proficiency including in… Software development, with accompanying proficiency in a language - options include Python OR Scala OR Java OR C/C++ OR C# OR ObjectiveC OR Ruby.General-purpose scripting, with accompanying proficiency in a language - options include Python OR Perl OR Ruby OR Bash.Analytics/statistics scripting, with accompanying proficiency in a language - options include Python OR R OR STATA OR SAS.OS-level Shell, with accompanying proficiency in the shell language - options include Bash OR C-Shell OR Z-Shell OR Powershell.SQL - options include SQL Server OR MySQL OR PostgresSQL.Software development best practices in analytic settings, including accompanying tools such as task tracking and version control systems. Desired Qualifications Moderate Proficiency with… Distributing computing frameworks - options include Spark OR Hadoop MapReduce.Cloud computing infrastructure - options include AWS w/S3 OR Azure.Distributed data storage/database tools - options include HBase OR HDFS OR Cassandra OR Hive OR Pig.Comprehensive text editor environments such as Emacs.Unix SystemsBackground working with medical claims, Electronic Health Records, or other healthcare data sets.Benefits Decision Resources Group is a cohesive portfolio of companies that offers best-in-class, high-value information and insights on important sectors of the healthcare industry. Clients rely on this analysis and data to make informed, knowledgeable decisions.  With over 1,100 employees worldwide, Decision Resources Group provides the pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device, financial services and managed care industries with the analytics they need to compete and thrive in an increasingly competitive marketplace. Through both organic growth and an aggressive acquisition strategy, Decision Resources Group has become the premier provider of healthcare analysis and data in the world. Please visit us at: http://decisionresourcesgroup.com.  Decision Resources Group offers a competitive compensation package and medical, dental and life insurance programs from first day of employment. We also offer a 401(k) retirement plan after two complete months of employment. We are an equal opportunity employer.  #LI-MD1
Overview LogRhythm, a leader in security intelligence and analytics, empowers organizations around the globe to rapidly detect, respond to and neutralize damaging cyber threats. The company’s award-winning platform unifies next-generation SIEM, log management, network and endpoint forensics and advanced security analytics. In addition to protecting customers from the risks associated with cyber threats, LogRhythm provides innovative compliance automation and assurance, and enhanced IT intelligence.  As a Director of Software Development, you will lead a team of engineers responsible for developing one of the more innovative network security solutions on the market. As we push the boundaries of cybersecurity, you will have a direct hand in architecting product direction, developing new processes, and driving collaboration not only within engineering but cross functionally throughout the organization. We look for leaders that leverage trusting relationships in order to achieve ambitious business objectives. Your ability to coach and develop the talent within your team will be fully utilized. ResponsibilitiesLead software development activities throughout the product development lifecycle associated with LogRhythm’s productTransform high-level strategic product direction into tactical product directionAssist in architecting and designing solutions based on strong knowledge of the technologies involvedTrack progress, communicate risks and escalate concerns in a timely mannerExecute successful and timely product releases which incorporate the necessary innovative features and fixes through a quality focused production methodologyBuild world-class, development teams through clear expectations and objectives management, coaching, career development, and smart recruitingRequirements5 years’ experience in software development and delivery of complex, scalable distributed enterprise applications5 years’ of software technical management overseeing a minimum of 10 staffProven ability to develop trusting relationships from subordinate to executive levelHands-on application development experience with at least one of the following: Java, Go, C, C++, JavaScriptExperience with full software development lifecycle and particular Agile and Scrum development practicesSolid SCM and continuous build knowledge and experience (e.g. Git/Jenkins)Experience with both Windows and Unix operating system environmentsExperience in environments which have pushed market shifting innovation and produced quality, successful products.LogRhythm is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.
Software Developer We are looking for a Software Developer responsible for design and implementation of microservices and APIs. Your primary focus will be the development and orchestration of microservice and API systems. Since you will also be responsible for integrating the front-end elements built by your coworkers into the API, a basic understanding of front-end technologies is necessary as well. ResponsibilitiesWriting reusable, testable, and efficient codeDesign and implementation of low-latency, high-availability, and performant applicationsImplementation of security and data protectionOrchestration of distributed servicesCommunication of design decisions with the teamCompetenciesStrong understanding of microservice architecturesAbility to design robust systemsExperience using and developing RESTful APIsExperience with event-based and message-driven distributed systemsExperience with several programming languages such as Javascript and RubyStrong understanding of HTTP and AMQP protocolsKnowledge of Node.js and frameworks available for itUnderstanding the nature of asynchronous programmingUnderstanding of security complianceUser authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environmentsUnderstanding fundamental design principles behind a scalable applicationImplementing automated testing platforms and unit testsProficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Experience and Education:1 to 4 years experience in software developmentBachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experienceThis job requires the candidate to be in the Oklahoma City office
JMA Wireless is the leading global innovator in mobile wireless connectivity solutions that assure infrastructure reliability, streamline service operations, and maximize wireless performance. Employing powerful, patented innovations their solutions portfolio is proven to lower the cost of operations while ensuring lifetime quality levels in equipment and unrivaled performance for coverage and high-speed mobile data. JMA Wireless solutions cover macro infrastructure, outdoor and indoor distributed antenna systems and small cell solutions. JMA Wireless corporate headquarters are located in Liverpool, NY, with manufacturing, R&D, and sales operations in over 20 locations worldwide.Position Overview: The Java Full Stack Web Development Software Engineer will participate in all phases of the software development lifecycle. The person in this role will support development of management and operation services and user interfaces. The person in this position will also work with partners who may supply software components, collaborating with them as needed to specify and validate key functionalities. Finally, the person in this role may be involved in customizations of the software to interface with other back office systems.Position Responsibilities: - Contribute as a productive member of an agile development team- Development and testing of software services and user interfaces- User interface development consisting of - Web pages utilizing HTML, JavaScript and Angular framework- Graphs utilizing C3.js- Integrating server side APIs using AJAX- Profiling operation portal performance and optimizing performance- From database through web services to user interface- Profiling system integration performance and optimizing performance- Including development of load simulation client applicationsMinimum Qualifications: - BS/MS degree in Computer Science or related field - 5+ years of experience in software development- Experience with Java and Javascript- Experience with JUnit test framework and software testing techniques- Experience in database integration using SQL- Experience with HTML and CSS- Experience with Linux- Experience with Hibernate and Spring Frameworks- Excellent communication skillsAdditional Experience and Knowledge a Plus:- Experience with Python- Experience with Git- Experience with virtualization technologies such as Virtual Box and VMware.- Experience in profiling web applications and optimizing application performance- Experience developing web based interactive visualization tools and dashboards for the real-time data- Knowledge of Java/J2EE software development including Spring MVC and Hibernate frameworks- Knowledge of client-side scripting frameworks such as Angular.js- Knowledge of web services development using REST, JSON and XMLPosition Location & Travel:This position will be based out of Deerfield, IL USATravel not required- 
Requisition NumberISS-8311Job TitleSoftware DeveloperLocationCharleston - SC - CHSJob Description Scientific Research Corporation is an advanced information technology engineering company that provides innovative products and services to government and private industry, as well as independent institutions. At the core of our capabilities is a seasoned team of highly skilled engineers and scientists with multidisciplinary backgrounds. This team is challenged daily to provide cutting edge technology solutions to our clients.  The Software Developer will be a member of a Cryptologic Carry-On Program (CCOP) team focusing on performing software development for engineering efforts relating to Joint Worldwide Intelligence Communications System (JWICS) and National Security Agency Network (NSANet) connected systems. The ideal candidate will have a history of direct involvement with successful software development and engineering efforts. PRIMARY DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:Provide software development for a web based application on a LAMP (Linux/Apache/MySQL/PHP) stack with JavaScript frameworks such as jQuery/Angular.js and Bootstrap stylingOptimize Representational State Transfer (RESTful) API'sDevelop custom scripts or small compiled applications based on internal and external customer requestsResearch and recommend innovative and feasible automated approaches for software integration/development Scientific Research Corporation offers a competitive salary, an extensive benefits package and a work environment that encourages excellence. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Scientific Research Corporation is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer that does not discriminate in employment.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status.[*MON *CB]RequirementsMINIMUM SKILLS & REQUIREMENTS:Three to Five (3-5) years software development experienceExperience with JavaScript Frameworks and Bootstrap stylingExperience with software development in a LAMP stackExpert in HTML4/5, CSS3, PHP, Twitter BootStrap, AngularJS, JQuery, and other web front-end technologiesAbility to update and commit source code to a GIT repositoryExperience in Scrum and Agile developmentHave developed communication skills and the ability to express thoughts and ideas clearly and concisely, employing technical writing techniquesMust be a team player, dedicated to program support, capable of multitasking and working several complex and diverse tasks with simultaneous or near simultaneous deadlinesBe a self-starter who is accountable and requires minimal direction and supervision; a person who is open to new ideasEDUCATION:Bachelor's degree in related technical field (Computer Science, Information Technology, etc.) OR equivalent work experienceMust currently be DoD 8570-compliant with the equivalent of an IAT II certification ORhave the ability to do so within six months of startTHIS POSITION REQUIRES AN ACTIVE DoD TOP SECRET / SCI (TS/SCI) CLEARANCE FOR CONSIDERATIONPosition Details Continued
The Engineering Team ThriveHive is full of truly talented and deeply knowledgeable developers who love their craft. The team you’ll be joining is a small, self-organized group focused on solving challenging engineering problems. The Platform ThriveHive is building cutting-edge apps and services that bring social media firehoses like Facebook, Twitter, and Yelp together to help small businesses grow. Our Perch app is quickly becoming a ‘must have’ app used by over 150K small businesses.  ThriveHive is looking for an engineer to help us build amazing software, including killer mobile and web applications. As that engineer, you must have a passion for and a bit of history building great software and working with other talented folks on tough problems. About You You have at least 3 years of professional software development experience You know and have worked with multiple programming languages (among others, we use Swift, Groovy, Java, and Typescript) You have experience building some of the following: REST APIs, systems integrations, mobile apps, message based systems, and/or web apps You understand the principles of building scalable systems and leveraging modern technologies (among others, we use Github, Jenkins, AWS including S3, ELB, RDS, EC2, Redis, ActiveMQ, Cloudwatch) You live the principles of software craftsmanship. You write clean code, even when working on difficult problems. You’re comfortable with source control, and believe in things like sensible documentation and solid test coverage You have some experience with relational databases You’re proud of the work you doWhat We Look For People we can teach! People we can learn from! People that love programming and pushing the limits of what they know! People who are creative, passionate, and curious!Our Denver Office This position is based out of our Denver office in the dog/bike friendly Taxi development along the Platte River Trail in the River North neighborhood. The office has easy access to all the great stuff in RiNo, plus Coors Field and Union Station are just down the street.  Apply Now
 Software Development Engineer II Location  WA, Seattle Division  Product Development Requisition ID 650Apply NowAs a Software Development Engineer, this role will report directly to the Software Development Manager for our primary web application. You will be working with a team that handles a combination of front-end and back-end web-based technologies to help sustain and grow the suite of customer configuration and efficiency tools currently in use. The tech stack includes JavaScript client side (Angular), PHP and Postgres on the backend.  You will contribute towards all layers of the stack from the UI back to the database and everything in between. Our ideal candidates are familiar with software development life cycle from system analysis to tests and deployment. Ultimately, your role is to build high-quality, innovative, and fully functional software that complies to coding standards and technical design. WHAT YOU'LL BE DOINGExecute full software development life cycle (SDLC)Maintain and improve existing websiteBuild reusable code and libraries for future workWrite well-designed, testable codeOptimize application for maximum speed and scalabilityTroubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing systemsCollaborate with other team members and stake holdersStay up-to-date on emerging technologiesLeave behind more documentation than you started withWHAT YOU'LL BRING TO THE TEAMBachelor in Software Engineer, Computer Science, or the equivalent in demonstrable work experience4+ years of web development experience prefferedKnowledge of software design patterns and data structuresGood Knowledge of AngularJS (or other JS Framework) practices, design patterns, and commonly used librariesKnowledge of PHP, Python, or other scripted languages in the service tierExperience with cloud solutions is a huge plusExperience with mobile-friendly development approaches such as responsive design and adaptive design is a plus.Experience with version control systems; familiarity with git preferredDemonstrated passion about technology, have a strong interest in learning about and playing with the latest technologiesABOUT US Founded in 2001, Zonar has pioneered smart fleet management technology by providing innovative technology that has changed fleet operations in the vocational, pupil and commercial trucking industries. With a unique focus on this field, the Company offers a complete suite of solutions and specialized platforms for our customers in multiple markets. Our patented, award-winning technology keeps fleet owners and managers connected to their fleets and drivers to dispatchers. Zonar has a proven history of continuous innovation on behalf of our customers, providing products that efficiently and easily track commercial fleets and assets, streamline reporting and significantly increasing safety while saving cost. Leveraging a portfolio of 150+ patents, we are building upon these data and related analytics services to create the next generation of software and services for the 15M target customers in the US alone.  Headquartered in Seattle and majority-owned by technology company Continental, Zonar also has a Technology Development Center in downtown Seattle, a regional office in Cincinnati, and a distribution center outside of Atlanta. Our culture is based on ingenuity, leadership, teamwork, excellence, passion, integrity, and fun! Our company has grown to over 350 employees who are goal-oriented and fast-paced, but understand the importance of having a healthy work life balance. This is an excellent opportunity to work for a fast-paced, growing, innovative company, make a big impact on a rapidly evolving space, and have fun along the way!
ScaleFactor, Inc. is seeking a Senior Software Developer to add to our expanding engineering team. ScaleFactor is a high-growth organization bringing a new-age, IT-driven approach to the accounting and finance arenas of both start-up and scaling companies. Successful candidates must possess the entrepreneurial drive & spirit to thrive in a fast-paced, evolving environment. Our team is in need of another talented developer that has the Development knowledge and has the passion to create high-quality products. The position allows for the opportunity to have a direct impact in all areas of ScaleFactor, now and in the future.The ideal candidate is comfortable having responsibilities that vary significantly month over month, some of which will include the following day-to-day activitiesContribute to the design and development of product featuresHelp build out ScaleFactor’s development platformShowcase logic/solution-driven thinkingTake the initiative in a team leader roleWork with product and other internal teams to build cross-team functionality and troubleshoot issuesCurrent Tech Stack is: Rails, Ember.js, and Postgres.DEMONSTRATED SKILLS & MINDSETGoal oriented, high energy, ability to work in fast-paced environmentTechnology savvy, can-do attitude, and approachProblem-solving and proactive decision-makingAdaptability and resourcefulness to drive resultsHighly self-motivated and versatileTechnological optimist looking to createQUALIFICATIONS5+ years of experienceWeb application experience is a mustExperience with Rails and working with Rails APIsExperience with Ember.js is a plusExperience with Amazon Web Services (AWS)Experience designing software and/or the capability to build maintainable, future-focused softwareExperience solving large application and user level problems such as performance and scalabilityExperience writing bootstrapping/extensible applicationsExperience with web securityExperience with SQL, and familiarity with databases such as PostgresLots of debugging experienceBS in computer science, engineering, or related field is preferred 


SUMMARY The Software Developer is responsible for translating business requirements into secure, maintainable software applications for BECU. This involves analysis, design, implementation, unit testing and maintenance of back-end, middle-tier and front end software components, as well as integrating to third-party systems and software products. The tech stack is primarily Microsoft (.NET, SQL Server) and the methodology varies depending on the project. RESPONSIBILITIESPerform all responsibilities in accordance with BECU Competencies and Information Protection requirements.Work with BECU departments to understand business computer related processes and incorporate those processes into application software that supports the annual operating and strategic plans.Work with BECU’s consultant(s) and third party vendors to design and develop new software applications and programs to support BECU business needs.Be responsible for the technical documentation and maintenance of custom programming software.Be responsible for programming enhancements and changes, when necessary, for reports and software.Be knowledgeable of the current method of operation in each department and how software enhancements and new modules will effect and change operations within the various departments and the Credit Union as a whole.Work with project teams and Program Managers to ensure effective implementation of software.Coordinates with appropriate IT areas and business units when implementing software into the “live” environment and provide necessary documentation of any changes to procedure.Be knowledgeable in how to utilize the various operating systems at BECU, database languages, related programming languages, and other software as required for project implementation.Provide assistance to identify and maintain custom software programming in conjunction with vendor updates.Attend meetings, in conjunction with or in the absence of the IT Development Resources Manager to ensure ongoing knowledge and communication of projects.Perform responsibilities consistent with the IT area’s Shared Values.Have a thorough understanding of Credit Union operations, including how departments interact with one another.Serve as a member of the Disaster Recovery Team for Information Technology.Ensure that written procedures are documented for all functions within area of responsibility and update as necessary.Perform additional duties as assigned.QUALIFICATIONSAbility to plan, organize, schedule, and implement multiple projects simultaneously.Excellent conceptual and organizational skills.Willingness to keep up with developments in the technical and financial services industries.Excellent verbal and written skills to effectively communicate in the English language.Ability to work independently, and as a team member, while using discretion in decision making and sound judgement in problem solving.Excellent interpersonal skills to work effectively with staff, management, and vendors regarding software issues.Ability to present a professional image to vendors and co-workers.Proficient PC skills, with the ability to learn new software.Full time hours required, with additional hours as necessary to accomplish objectives, goals, and projects.Ability to sit or stand within proximity of terminal.B.A. or B.S. degree in Computer Science, MIS, Business or equivalent work experience required.Minimum 5 years of experience designing software and writing production code in a team environment required.Recent experience with the core of Microsoft’s tech stack (.NET, SQL, etc.)Experience with the following required: Visual Studio.NET Development Creating and consuming SOAP Web ServicesASP.NET Web Site DevelopmentGeneral Familiarity with the .NET FrameworkC #Microsoft SQL Server Familiarity with basic DDL and CRUD operations.Transact-SQL Stored ProceduresStandards-compliant responsive web development (HTML/CSS/JavaScript).Familiarity with any of the following is preferred: Financial industry experience.Business Intelligence experienceEEO Statement: BECU is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected status.
 Overview  BKD is a place where people build careers, gain new skills and enjoy big firm resources with a small firm approach to teamwork and camaraderie. We focus on providing unmatched client service to everyone we encounter—both in the marketplace and in our offices.  We also offer the support, resources and opportunities you need to further develop your career. We listen to learn, combine innovation with practicality and give back to the communities where we live and work.  See what we offer new hires in terms of competitive compensation, People First benefits and paid time off.  Take your career to the next level at BKD. About BKDBKD, LLP, a national CPA and advisory firm, can help individuals and businesses realize their goals. Our approximately 2,600 dedicated professionals provide solutions for clients in all 50 states and internationally. BKD and its subsidiaries offer a variety of tax, accounting and consulting services and combine the insight and ideas of thought leaders in multiple industries. Learn more at bkd.com.  The BKD Application Development team is a motivated scrum team that is responsible for designing and delivering exceptional software. As the Software Developer, you will be problem solving and providing hands on development working on current and new apps. The team has developed 4 apps over the past 18 months for our firm and our clients. The environment is quick paced with a collaborative and productive team that drives code for new applications (80% of the work will be new development and 20% maintenance). This is an opportunity for you to play a prominent role in the further development of key apps for BKD and its clients. ResponsibilitiesDesign, code, test and analyze software programs and applications in accordance with user needs and architectural standards.Research, design, document and modify software specifications throughout the production lifecycle.Analyze and amend software errors in a timely and accurate fashion and provide status reports where required.Partner with application architects, server engineers, business analysts, quality assurance analysts, as well as end-users, in order to develop and deliver effective applications and interfaces.Serve as a hands-on developer with experience and responsibilities for leading and supervising other developers.Evaluate coding and the work product of other developers.QualificationsFormal Education & CertificationBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, or related field is required.Candidate should have 3-5 years of professional web development, a proven track record developing public-facing web sites and a general passion for web-development.Microsoft certifications are a plusKnowledge & Experience3-5 years of professional web development in a high-traffic, public-facing web environmentExperience developing data driven web applications in ASP.net (WPF,Web Forms, MVC 5) in a Services Oriented Architecture (SOA)Experience in mobile web technologies including responsive design for various size devicesUnderstanding of object-oriented design and software development principles and best practicesUnderstanding of web-based architecture (web servers, load balancing, caching, databases, replication, etc.) and Microsoft technologiesExperience with databases (SQL Server).Experience with JavaScript and other web technologies (CSS, HTML5, AJAX, JQuery, XHTML, Json, etc.).Understanding of version control techniques (TFS 2015).Familiar with Web APIsAbility to contribute to a culture of communication, collaboration and creativity. Familiarity with the public accounting industry is a plus Familiarity with waterfall and agile software development methodologiesExperience with coding best practices and software design principlesPersonal AttributesFlexible and adaptable in regards to learning and understanding new technologiesStrong written and oral communication skillsStrong interpersonal skillsAbility to conduct research into software-related issues and productsHighly self-motivated and directedKeen attention to detailAnalytical and problem-solving abilitiesAbility to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environmentAbility to work both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environmentPlease note that you have to be a US citizen or a permanet resident to be considered for this role. Experience the BKD difference for yourself. For more information about our firm locations, visit bkd.com. BKD, LLP is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Employment selection and related decisions are made without regard to age, race, color, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status or other protected classifications. BKD does not accept unsolicited referrals or resumes from any source other than directly from candidates. We will not consider unsolicited referrals and/or resumes from vendors including and without limitation, search firms, staffing agencies, fee-based referral services and recruiting agencies.BKD will not pay a fee to a recruiter or agency that does not have a signed BKD vendor agreement. Any resume or CV submitted to any employee of BKD without having a BKD vendor agreement in place will be considered property of BKD. BKD will not be held liable to pay a placement fee.
Position Summary The AEM team in the US is looking for a talented and highly motivated Software Developer with a thorough understanding of Java and client side technologies and a passion for delivering high quality software. Main ResponsibilitiesDesign, develop and maintain software for various components of AEM major releases according to specifications;Work as part of a highly motivated Scrum team;Main RequirementsStrong computer science and algorithmic skillsExcellent knowledge of Java and experience with a Java technology stackExcellent knowledge of HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript and XML / JSONAmazon Web Services (AWS) and/or Microsoft Azure know-how is a plusAbility to identify and effectively apply new tools, techniques and technologies required by the projectGood problem solving and troubleshooting skillsStrong interpersonal communication skillsAmbitious and self-drivenProactive and detail-orientedGreat team player At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists. You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.  If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer.  Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.  At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists. You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.  If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer.  Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.
 Apply early as this job may be removed or filled prior to the closing date, which is approximately seven (7) days after the posting date.  Job Location: Fort Worth Anticipated Start Date: 06/18/2018 Number of Positions: 3 Salary Range: $45,760 - $54,080 Salary Band: 19 #LI-BNSFDUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES: An OR Intern-Fellow’s work in the BNSF Operations Research and Advanced Analytics Group may include, but is not limited to, the following: Design and develop software, architecture, specifications and technical interfaces.Develop clear, flexible, familiar and consistent user interfacesDevelop, deliver and test software prototypes.Build flexible data models and seamless integration points. Time/Location This position requires an onsite presence in our Fort Worth office.40 hours per week, Monday through Friday, is preferred. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:Masters or Ph.D. students pursuing a major or minor in one of the following: Computer Science, Software Engineering, Operations Research, Applied Mathematics, Industrial Engineering, or Transportation. Ph.D. students are preferred.An overall GPA of 3.0 is required. An overall GPA of 3.5 is preferred.Familiarity with any programming languages such as Java, C++, or .NET.Strong analytical skills and experience on working with large data setsExcellent written and communication skillsAptitude for computer programming – e.g., CPLEX, VBA, SAS, and Java or another object-oriented programming languageFamiliarity with Microsoft Office – e.g., Word, Excel, Access, and PowerPointWorks effectively in teams   BNSF Railway is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled.   Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC): Federal authority requires BNSF employees, whose work requires unescorted access to secure areas of port facilities, to obtain a TWIC. A TWIC is a condition of employment for such positions and requires candidates to those positions to submit to a TSA security assessment (to include, but not limited to, providing: biographic information; identity documents; fingerprints; digital photograph). More information is available at www.tsa.gov/for-industry/twic.
 Trading nowadays happens in a highly competitive technological landscape; the best trading idea alone doesn’t cut it anymore. Instead, only the best trading ideas that are enabled via robust, scalable and fast technology win.  Do you enjoy the process of problem solving, a process where you recognize areas of improvement and iterate and innovate to improve? Does your curiosity and desire to learn drive you? SOFTWARE ENGINEERING AT IMC:We trade in the most competitive markets across the globe. Our software makes millions of trading decisions daily. We win by making better and faster decisions than our competition. As a software developer you’ll be working alongside traders to implement strategies which will challenge you to be creative with your implementation. You’ll need to produce solutions which compete in the extremely latency sensitive environment, whilst managing complexity.You’ll be working in a highly motivated team, controlling end-to-end product development. We work in an environment where slight oversights can be extremely costly, while new features can be extremely profitable. As a team we aim to balance the race to production with software quality and testability. You’ll be placed in an environment consisting primarily of C++ and Java. We have a build chain which has been designed around the concept of daily production releases. A variety of systems and technologies keeps life interesting.Upon joining you will be expected to manage your own time and tasks. We rely on our developers to drive change by taking feedback from traders, and shaping that into an implementation. Your ownership of the task continues until a working production release. Our most successful developers comfortably work in any part of our stackWHAT MAKES IT FUN?One of the most fun aspects of the job is that we have a very quick feedback loop. We release early and often to get incremental benefits as they are developedWe operate at the bleeding edge of technology. If something new can potentially bring an advantage we will actively invest in developing and utilizing the solutionWe really believe in sharing knowledge and technology between the different offices. Much of our technology stack is shared between all 3 regions, and we provide opportunities to travel between the regions both for personal growth and to assist where it has the biggest impact.To get the best results we encourage everybody to gain understanding of both the trading strategy and how exchanges work on a technological level.Working at IMC is also an opportunity to learn about financial markets. We know from experience that a lot of people really enjoy learning about a field beyond their immediate area of expertise, it’s one of the things that makes this job more interesting than others.We employ a broad range of people with varying backgrounds. What they have in common is their superior technical expertise, their extraordinary smarts and their collaborative approach. We will not accept less.WHO YOU ARE:Have at least 2 years of professional work experience in software development post graduationExcellent Java or C++ programming skillsDevelopment experience in a Linux/UNIX environmentExtensive experience with OOP/OODStrong knowledge of algorithms, data structures, and threadingProficiency in design patternsScripting knowledgeNon-relational, distributed database experience is a plus (not a requirement)Strong analytical skills and desire to solve complicated problems programmaticallyMust be self-directed, and able to work productively under minimal supervisionWillingness to work closely with traders in a constantly changing environmentInterest in the Financial Markets; previous knowledge is NOT requiredAnyone graduating in 2017 or 2018 should apply through our graduate application process found on our website; please do not fill out an application through this posting if you're graduating in 2017 or 2018OUR CULTURE: We are at the core a trading firm, however we value trading and technology equally and we believe that cooperation between traders and technologists is one of our great strengths. This is also reflected in our organizational and remuneration policies. We believe in fostering a truly flat environment in which great ideas can be recognized as well as put into practice from anybody within our organization WHO WE ARE: IMC Financial Markets is among the world’s leading proprietary trading firms, and a market maker in securities listed on exchanges across the globe. Our cutting-edge technology drives everything we do. High performance algorithms, smart strategies and collaborative teams are the core of our business.  Today, IMC Financial Markets is 500+ people working together to build software and trade financial products in our offices in Amsterdam, Chicago and Sydney. What does this mean for you? The chance to join a multi-national, multi-cultural team of exceptional individuals, focused on making IMC the world’s best trading firm.
Position OverviewMemSQL Software Engineers are at the forefront of real-time technology thats revolutionizing how companies run their businesses everyday. With release cycles throughout the year, our engineers are accustomed to moving quickly in a rapid production environment. To do this successfully, we work collaboratively and creatively across teams to maximize our opportunity for impact. We also believe its important to celebrate our wins together whether it be at local spot or getting out of the city for some exploring.  As a Software Engineer, University Graduate, you will be empowered to own your projects end-to-end and be an active contributor throughout the product life cycle. To expedite your growth path, you will partner with engineers who deeply care about your success and will lend their expertise to your professional development. Our engineers are not just technical partners, but are also business partners who are exposed to all areas of the business, working with teams such as product, marketing, and sales.Role and ResponsibilitiesOur Software Engineers work on small, collaborative teams to help drive our company forward. Whether youre building new features in Javascript and React.js, increasing the runtime and performance of a MemSQL cluster, or writing new C++ code for the query optimizer, our University Graduates are responsible for brand new and existing projects that are deployed into production with each release. Your work will include everything from writing to testing software, and youll gain a significant understanding of both the product and the business.Required Skills and ExperienceB.S. Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related disciplineDeep understanding of C.S. fundamentalsStrong programming skills with Python, Go, C, C++, or JavaScriptPassionate about building highly reliable softwareFirm grasp of algorithms and data structures MemSQL envisions a world of adaptable databases and flexible data workloads - your data anywhere in real time. Today, global enterprises use MemSQL as a real-time data warehouse to cost-effectively ingest data and produce industry-leading time to insight. MemSQL works as a managed service, in any cloud, or on-premises environment.  Headquartered in San Francisco, CA with offices in Seattle, WA and Portland OR, MemSQL has raised nearly $100M from top investors including Accel Partners and Khosla Ventures, among others. MemSQL is trusted by customers including Uber, Akamai, Dell EMC, Samsung, Comcast, Kellogg, and more.  Consistent with our commitment to diversity & inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people. To all recruitment agencies: MemSQL does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to MemSQL employees. MemSQL is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
We currently have an opening for a C++ Software Developer in Lexington Park, MD.C++ Software Developer - Atlas Technologies, Inc. is leading the way in the Navys newest networking technologies and systems, and we are bringing our 19+ years of DoD experience to the PAX River area. We are looking for passionate and flexible IT professionals who like to geek out learning the latest gadgets and techniques. Our immediate opening for a C++ software developer will support our Navy customer and we are looking for local candidates or candidates who are open to moving to Southern Maryland. If you have a strong background in C++, Red Hat, and VMWare, come join our team Essential dutiesfunctions and areas of expertise include, but are not limited to:Software development and coding with C/C++ on Windows and Linux/Unix platformsSoftware development and coding with Pascal (Delphi preferred) on WindowsBash scripting on Linux/Unix (Red Hat and Debian preferred)Experience with VMWare VIX APIs.Experience with SQL Server and Windows Active Directory using LDAPExperience with Java Script / ASP.NETExperience with static analyzers, such as Fortify, is a plusExperience in an agile environment is a plusCoding within compliance of current DOD Information Assurance policies and instructionsContribute to the development and improvement of department standards and processesInterface with team members to convey information and to provide recommendationsPosition Requirements:Must be a US CitizenMust possess or be able to obtain and maintain a Department of Defense (DoD) Secret Level Security ClearanceMust be knowledgeable in coding in compliance with current DOD Information Assurance policiesStrong customer relations, documentation and oral communication skillsSelf-Motivated, strong work ethic and commitment to qualityA passion for learning about, and working in the IT industryEducation/Experience:BS Degree, or High School Diploma or GED with appropriate work experienceFive (5+) years of C++ software development experienceThree (3+) years experience with Linux (Red Hat preferred) or Windows Visual Studio development and scriptingC# experience is a plusAtlas Technologies, Inc. is an innovative provider of leading edge Information Technology (IT) solutions to Government and industry partners. Our primary focus and experience covers network integration, cybersecurity, software development, engineering, and management. At Atlas, we take pride in our highly experienced and driven employees who share our Core Values and our Vision of merging technology with integrity to create a positive impact for our clients, community and country. Atlas offers a highly competitive salary and benefits package including: Medical/Dental/Vision, Life & Disability Insurance, Paid Time Off/Holidays, 401k, Education Assistance, Charitable Matching, Wellness Program, Flex Time, Employee Recognition and Ancillary Benefits.Atlas is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status. Visit us at http://www.atlas-tech.com/careers/index.php to apply and join our growing team of professionals.
Be visionary At FLIR, we have a simple but ambitious mission: to develop market-leading thermal and sensing technologies which enhance everyday life. From saving energy, to saving lives FLIR is making a real difference in our world.  Our products are used in a wide array of situations to rescue people in danger, detect criminals, conserve energy, navigate safely, provide security around the globe, and protect our environment.  We are looking for individuals who thrive on making an impact and want the excitement of being on a team that wins. Job DescriptionJob Summary:Responsible for helping FLIR develop user-friendly applications to run on handheld and stationary radiation detectors.In addition, responsible for developing web-based and native applications to run on phones, tablets, and computers that can connect and interface with FLIR’s handheld and stationary radiation detection instruments.Detailed Description:Responsible for designing, maintaining, and adding features to C# .NET applications running on handheld radiation detectors.Responsible for designing, maintaining, and adding features to web applications that are served via USB RNDIS from FLIR’s handheld devices.Responsible for designing, maintaining, and adding features to mobile applications for iOS and Android to communicate via Bluetooth with FLIR’s handheld devices.Responsible for providing technical assistance to customers when required.Requirements:Bachelor’s or Master’s in EECS or similar field.5+ years experience developing desktop, web, and mobile applications with C#, Java, and HTML.Proficient in C# .NET & XAML for designing graphical applications. Experience with C# Compact Framework and Windows CE is a plus.Experience with Linux Mono development is a plus.Able to understand custom XML Schema definitions.Familiar with MVC & MVVM design patterns.Experience with implementing and utilizing REST web APIs.DevOps experience Experience working with Git repositories for version control.Experience setting up and configuring Continuous Integration (CI) builds with TeamCity.Experience with bug/issue trackers like JIRA.Experience with the following Bluetooth protocols: LE, SPP, DUN, & PAN.Able to understand and debug C & C++ code.Familiarity with the Yocto Linux build process.Xamarin Xamarin.Forms XAML experience Experience writing custom renderers is a plus.Familiar with MVVM frameworks like PRISM.Familiar with Inversion-of-Control (IoC) containers like Autofac.Android development experience – Knowledge of Google’s APIs and Play Store requirements. Java or Kotlin knowledge is a plus.iOS development experience – Knowledge of Apple’s APIs and App Store requirements. ObjectiveC & Swift knowledge is a plus.Web development Knowledge of HTML, CSS, Javascript, & JSON is a must. Experience with JS libraries like Angular and JQuery is a plus.Able to develop web applications that are largely client-side, reducing the load of FLIR’s handhelds.Experience working with and designing custom web components like Google’s Polymer.Knowledge of Java & GWT is a plus.Experience with Node.js, NPM, Bower, Webpack, and Gulp is a plus.Working knowledge of basic gamma and neutron radiation detection and spectroscopy.Physics background in either education or work experience.10% travelUS Citizenship required FLIR and all of our employees are committed to conducting business with the highest ethical standards. We require all employees to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and regulatory orders. Our reputation for honesty, integrity and high ethics is as important to us as our reputation for making innovative sensing solutions.  FLIR is an equal opportunity employer.
 The Advanced Analytics team at Decision Resources Group (DRG) provides custom and semi-custom data and analytical solutions to some of the largest biopharmaceutical and medical technology companies in the world.  The Advanced Analytics team is composed of data scientists, social scientists, and software engineers. Our work involves adapting computational sociology, data science, and product design to serve our clients’ needs. Combining these methodologies we assist healthcare companies with their marketing, sales, and human resources objectives. With access to one of the largest healthcare datasets in the world and a rapidly growing market of clients, we’re helping transform healthcare.  Responsibilities Design pipelines that extract data from health claims, EHR and other databases, transform/clean them via complex algorithms, integrate them with other data sets, and store them.Write and edit automated and semi-automated scripts for data analysis and manipulation.Model semi-hierarchal healthcare data at multiple levels with formal knowledge modeling and entity schemesPerform hybrid qualitative-quantitative work to evaluate data sources, data pipelines, knowledge modeling schemes, and to recommend next stepsCollaborate with team members to build project plans and timelines.Transform vague directives into concrete, actionable tasks, procedures, and outputs.Help supervise training of junior team members.Requirements Required Qualifications Background and experience in… Software engineering – 3-5 years of software development experienceData engineering – 1-2 year of experience developing software for data science purposesTeam and project skills around… Project self-management; proven ability to execute complex, open-ended projects with little supervision.Teamwork, working with a close-knit group of other data scientists and developers.Computer Science proficiency including in… Software development, with accompanying proficiency in a language - options include Python OR Scala OR Java OR C/C++ OR C# OR ObjectiveC OR Ruby.General-purpose scripting, with accompanying proficiency in a language - options include Python OR Perl OR Ruby OR Bash.Analytics/statistics scripting, with accompanying proficiency in a language - options include Python OR R OR STATA OR SAS.OS-level Shell, with accompanying proficiency in the shell language - options include Bash OR C-Shell OR Z-Shell OR Powershell.SQL - options include SQL Server OR MySQL OR PostgresSQL.Software development best practices in analytic settings, including accompanying tools such as task tracking and version control systems. Desired Qualifications Moderate Proficiency with… Distributing computing frameworks - options include Spark OR Hadoop MapReduce.Cloud computing infrastructure - options include AWS w/S3 OR Azure.Distributed data storage/database tools - options include HBase OR HDFS OR Cassandra OR Hive OR Pig.Comprehensive text editor environments such as Emacs.Unix SystemsBackground working with medical claims, Electronic Health Records, or other healthcare data sets.Benefits Decision Resources Group is a cohesive portfolio of companies that offers best-in-class, high-value information and insights on important sectors of the healthcare industry. Clients rely on this analysis and data to make informed, knowledgeable decisions.  With over 1,100 employees worldwide, Decision Resources Group provides the pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device, financial services and managed care industries with the analytics they need to compete and thrive in an increasingly competitive marketplace. Through both organic growth and an aggressive acquisition strategy, Decision Resources Group has become the premier provider of healthcare analysis and data in the world. Please visit us at: http://decisionresourcesgroup.com.  Decision Resources Group offers a competitive compensation package and medical, dental and life insurance programs from first day of employment. We also offer a 401(k) retirement plan after two complete months of employment. We are an equal opportunity employer.  #LI-MD1
Software Developer We are looking for a Software Developer responsible for design and implementation of microservices and APIs. Your primary focus will be the development and orchestration of microservice and API systems. Since you will also be responsible for integrating the front-end elements built by your coworkers into the API, a basic understanding of front-end technologies is necessary as well. ResponsibilitiesWriting reusable, testable, and efficient codeDesign and implementation of low-latency, high-availability, and performant applicationsImplementation of security and data protectionOrchestration of distributed servicesCommunication of design decisions with the teamCompetenciesStrong understanding of microservice architecturesAbility to design robust systemsExperience using and developing RESTful APIsExperience with event-based and message-driven distributed systemsExperience with several programming languages such as Javascript and RubyStrong understanding of HTTP and AMQP protocolsKnowledge of Node.js and frameworks available for itUnderstanding the nature of asynchronous programmingUnderstanding of security complianceUser authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environmentsUnderstanding fundamental design principles behind a scalable applicationImplementing automated testing platforms and unit testsProficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Experience and Education:1 to 4 years experience in software developmentBachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experienceThis job requires the candidate to be in the Oklahoma City office
Requisition NumberISS-8311Job TitleSoftware DeveloperLocationCharleston - SC - CHSJob Description Scientific Research Corporation is an advanced information technology engineering company that provides innovative products and services to government and private industry, as well as independent institutions. At the core of our capabilities is a seasoned team of highly skilled engineers and scientists with multidisciplinary backgrounds. This team is challenged daily to provide cutting edge technology solutions to our clients.  The Software Developer will be a member of a Cryptologic Carry-On Program (CCOP) team focusing on performing software development for engineering efforts relating to Joint Worldwide Intelligence Communications System (JWICS) and National Security Agency Network (NSANet) connected systems. The ideal candidate will have a history of direct involvement with successful software development and engineering efforts. PRIMARY DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:Provide software development for a web based application on a LAMP (Linux/Apache/MySQL/PHP) stack with JavaScript frameworks such as jQuery/Angular.js and Bootstrap stylingOptimize Representational State Transfer (RESTful) API'sDevelop custom scripts or small compiled applications based on internal and external customer requestsResearch and recommend innovative and feasible automated approaches for software integration/development Scientific Research Corporation offers a competitive salary, an extensive benefits package and a work environment that encourages excellence. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Scientific Research Corporation is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer that does not discriminate in employment.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status.[*MON *CB]RequirementsMINIMUM SKILLS & REQUIREMENTS:Three to Five (3-5) years software development experienceExperience with JavaScript Frameworks and Bootstrap stylingExperience with software development in a LAMP stackExpert in HTML4/5, CSS3, PHP, Twitter BootStrap, AngularJS, JQuery, and other web front-end technologiesAbility to update and commit source code to a GIT repositoryExperience in Scrum and Agile developmentHave developed communication skills and the ability to express thoughts and ideas clearly and concisely, employing technical writing techniquesMust be a team player, dedicated to program support, capable of multitasking and working several complex and diverse tasks with simultaneous or near simultaneous deadlinesBe a self-starter who is accountable and requires minimal direction and supervision; a person who is open to new ideasEDUCATION:Bachelor's degree in related technical field (Computer Science, Information Technology, etc.) OR equivalent work experienceMust currently be DoD 8570-compliant with the equivalent of an IAT II certification ORhave the ability to do so within six months of startTHIS POSITION REQUIRES AN ACTIVE DoD TOP SECRET / SCI (TS/SCI) CLEARANCE FOR CONSIDERATIONPosition Details Continued
 Software Development Engineer II Location  WA, Seattle Division  Product Development Requisition ID 650Apply NowAs a Software Development Engineer, this role will report directly to the Software Development Manager for our primary web application. You will be working with a team that handles a combination of front-end and back-end web-based technologies to help sustain and grow the suite of customer configuration and efficiency tools currently in use. The tech stack includes JavaScript client side (Angular), PHP and Postgres on the backend.  You will contribute towards all layers of the stack from the UI back to the database and everything in between. Our ideal candidates are familiar with software development life cycle from system analysis to tests and deployment. Ultimately, your role is to build high-quality, innovative, and fully functional software that complies to coding standards and technical design. WHAT YOU'LL BE DOINGExecute full software development life cycle (SDLC)Maintain and improve existing websiteBuild reusable code and libraries for future workWrite well-designed, testable codeOptimize application for maximum speed and scalabilityTroubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing systemsCollaborate with other team members and stake holdersStay up-to-date on emerging technologiesLeave behind more documentation than you started withWHAT YOU'LL BRING TO THE TEAMBachelor in Software Engineer, Computer Science, or the equivalent in demonstrable work experience4+ years of web development experience prefferedKnowledge of software design patterns and data structuresGood Knowledge of AngularJS (or other JS Framework) practices, design patterns, and commonly used librariesKnowledge of PHP, Python, or other scripted languages in the service tierExperience with cloud solutions is a huge plusExperience with mobile-friendly development approaches such as responsive design and adaptive design is a plus.Experience with version control systems; familiarity with git preferredDemonstrated passion about technology, have a strong interest in learning about and playing with the latest technologiesABOUT US Founded in 2001, Zonar has pioneered smart fleet management technology by providing innovative technology that has changed fleet operations in the vocational, pupil and commercial trucking industries. With a unique focus on this field, the Company offers a complete suite of solutions and specialized platforms for our customers in multiple markets. Our patented, award-winning technology keeps fleet owners and managers connected to their fleets and drivers to dispatchers. Zonar has a proven history of continuous innovation on behalf of our customers, providing products that efficiently and easily track commercial fleets and assets, streamline reporting and significantly increasing safety while saving cost. Leveraging a portfolio of 150+ patents, we are building upon these data and related analytics services to create the next generation of software and services for the 15M target customers in the US alone.  Headquartered in Seattle and majority-owned by technology company Continental, Zonar also has a Technology Development Center in downtown Seattle, a regional office in Cincinnati, and a distribution center outside of Atlanta. Our culture is based on ingenuity, leadership, teamwork, excellence, passion, integrity, and fun! Our company has grown to over 350 employees who are goal-oriented and fast-paced, but understand the importance of having a healthy work life balance. This is an excellent opportunity to work for a fast-paced, growing, innovative company, make a big impact on a rapidly evolving space, and have fun along the way!
 We are looking for a hardworking, motivated, deadline driven individual to join our team and help change healthcare. As a Software Engineer, you will specialize in building responsive and elegant applications. In this position unlike others, you will work directly with internal business units to gather and define requirements. Applicants should have multiple years’ experience writing custom PHP, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Expertise writing semantic, modular front-end code using HTML5, CSS3, and W3C coding practices a must. Understanding of the concepts of progressive enhancement, mobile first and future friendly design highly encouraged. Experience with Laravel, Lumen, Bootstrap, and Vue.JS is a plus. Interested?Primary ResponsibilitiesCode: Proficient understanding of PHP, JavaScript and Object-Oriented ProgrammingIntegrate: Knowledge of integrating APIs on the frontend and backendBe a Translator: Translate conceptual ideas (business needs and user goals) into intuitive and engaging appsForward Thinker: Promote design thinking, advocate design principles and best practicesBe a Scribe: Documenting skills using tools like Confluence, Swagger, and Readme.ioShoot for the cloud: Develop software architecture that is cloud ready and redundantMake it fast: Implementing and testing software for design, functionality, and performanceFind Undocumented Features: Familiarity with software testing and debuggingOther duties / Soft SkillsBe a team playerMust be analytical, detail oriented and able to translate functional requirements into your designDesign and develop applications using agile development and SCRUM processesAdhere to good development practices: documentation, code standards, code/design reviews, optimization and maintainability.Act to support UHIN’s mission; develop and maintain the trust of our community of members.Follows direction from supervisor but also able to prioritize assigned tasks.Actively holds self-accountable to commitments and is able to regularly communicate this accountability to managerWanna know more about what projects were working on? Come interview and find out all the cool software you could help us build!QualificationsRequired4 – 6 Years in the following· Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.· Development experience in PHP and Javascript.· Experience with HTML, CSS and AJAX· Web application development· Development experience designing object-oriented JavaScript.· Significant experience developing user-facing software.· Experience engineering software systems of medium-to-large scope and complexity.Preferred· Experience designing with client rich technologies such as AngularJS, Vue.js, Bootstrap, JQuery, or similar a plus· Know the stack - familiarity with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.· An understanding of the principles of accessibility and can build products that are accessible to users in healthcare.· ITIL Support Framework· Code methodology experience (Agile/Scrum/Kanban)· Working knowledge of healthcare (HIPAA Regulations, PHI, etc.)
Job Description for Software Development EngineersCompanyAdaptiva is a leading, global enterprise systems management company headquartered in Bellevue, WA. Our breakthrough peer-to-peer distributed computing technology is trusted by hundreds of large enterprises around the world. Our environment and culture incorporate our four core values: Integrity, Excellence, Work Ethic, and Dignity of Labor. As an employer, we offer above-market compensation structures, industry-leading benefits packages, and incredible learning and growth opportunities, in a fast-paced and collaborative environment.Job SummaryWe are seeking passionate and driven Software Development Engineers who love solving big problems using well-designed and elegantly-written code. You’ll be working on cutting-edge technologies, including Big Data, Cloud Services, Analytics, Visualization, and Machine Learning to solve real-world problems for some of the biggest and most respected Fortune 500 companies in the world.ResponsibilitiesDesign and develop sophisticated on-premise and cloud-based softwareEngage directly with major Adaptiva customers to help define the functionality of current and future Adaptiva productsWork collaboratively with product marketing, sales, solutions engineering, and support teams to ensure that Adaptiva products deliver outstanding experiences to all our customers RequirementsBachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or Engineering1-3 years of proven software development experience using C, C++, C#, or JavaDemonstrated ability to design and develop high-quality codeExcellent knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and object-oriented programmingAbility to develop multi-threaded, asynchronous code, using extensive synchronization mechanismsExperience with high-volume, high-performance transaction processing systems or other high-performance client-server softwareWillingness to write design documents and specifications

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess: No Active Clearance Required Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: No Active Clearance Required Suitability:DHS EODJob Family: Information Technology Job Description: CSRA is seeking a full stack software developer in Falls Church, VA, to work on software systems to support Department of Homeland Security (DHS) program serving the National Security and Emergency Preparedness (NS/EP) community. In this role, you will perform software development work for CSRA’s contract to support the Office of Emergency Communications (OEC) Priority Telecommunications Services (PTS), delivered through service providers’ public networks. PTS provides priority voice, video and data communications to the NS/EP community in times when the public telecommunications networks are experiencing stress due to natural or man-made disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, terrorist attacks or other acts of war. The OEC’s PTS mission is to ensure NS/EP users have a high likelihood of successful communications when public telecommunications networks are experiencing congestion of up to 25 times their normal load.  Full stack software developer to work on design, development, testing and maintenance of software applications.  As an IT services provider serving the U.S. government sector, CSRA is where you can come to be successful. Take advantage of tremendous opportunities as we chart our path to industry leadership, and tap into our collective 90+ year heritage. With combined FY15 revenues of approximately $5.5 billion and nearly 19,000 employees, CSRA represents the coming together – figuratively and literally – of two outstanding companies: the North American Public Sector business of CSC, and SRA. Join us and watch your career take flight.  Essential Job Functions Work on all the phases of software development life cycle (SDLC)Collaborate with team members to implement enhancements or new applicationsDevelop code to meet requirementsConduct design and code review to ensure compliance with standardsEstimate level of effort to develop code to meet requirementsCreate and maintain design, test plan documentsQualifications Job Specific Qualifications Minimum three years of experience with Microsoft .NET Framework 4.0 and higher, C#.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and AJAX. Experience with ASP.NET Web Forms is a plus.Experience with AngularJS and Node.js. Experience with npm, bower and grunt is a plusExperience with Microsoft Visual Studio 2015 or higher.Familiarity with Microsoft SQL Server 2008 or higher (including database relationships; data normalization; and writing stored procedures, functions, and triggers).Ability to independently analyze, understands, troubleshoot, and modify existing software code.Experience in debugging and testing software applications.Communicate with management regarding status of software development and problem solving effortsWork with cross functional teams on resolving issues reported by customersBachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field. Contractual Requirements Must be a U.S. CitizenMust be able to obtain/maintain a DHS EOD clearance CSRA is committed to creating a diverse environment and is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. # of Openings:1Scheduled Weekly Hours:40Telecommuting Options: Some Telecommuting Allowed Work Location: USA VA Falls Church - 3170 Fairview Park Dr, VTCB (VAS040) Additional Work Locations:CSRA is committed to creating a diverse environment and is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
 Job Description Position: Software Developer Location: Ann Arbor, MI Summary: Our client is an industry pioneer/leader that specializes in revolutionizing the automotive emissions world, and is looking to add an experienced and professional Software Developer. Their current opening is a “hands-on” position that will be part of a tightly knit team developing new technology where creativity, software development expertise, and problem solving abilities are critical. Software Developer must have expertise in C++ software development, in-depth knowledge of embedded systems, and knowledge of various communications protocolsSoftware Developer Requirements:BSEE or CS5+ years of experience in C and C++ programming and knowledge of Linux and embedded systems, IPC, and multithreading3+ years of experience developing embedded Linux applicationsExperience and understanding of microprocessors, microcontrollers, and hardware architectureExperience and understanding of software design pattern and object-oriented analysisUnderstanding of networking and communication protocols, such as TCP/IP, CAN, RS232Strong ability to grasp new technologies and acquire new skills quickly through independent study, professional training and interaction with other team membersUnderstanding of advanced mathematics and ability to apply such to our instruments; general interest in applied science for the same purposePreferred SkillsExperience with embedded toolchains, cross-compilation, build tools, on-target debuggingUnderstanding hardware and device drivers for SDIO, I2C, USB, GPIO, CAN, bootloader and file systemsExperience with client and server applicationExperience performing unit testing, feature testing, and integration testingExperience with data sampling, data processing with basic and advanced mathExperience with analysis of performance issues and implementing efficiency improvementsInstrumentation design, system integrationSoftware Developer Responsibilities:Will participate in software architecture (system level design)Implements communications protocols (Ethernet, TCP/IP, RS232, CAN, I2C, etc.)Develops the user experience (including UI design)Will use elements of basic electrical design (comfort with A/D converters, resistor dividers, MOSFETs, etc.) in the test and validation of their work productWHO WE ARE Choosing the Hire Road is about shared success, active and committed partnerships and relationships that last. Hire Road is solely focused on connecting highly skilled professionals with leading organizations. We are a solutions-based, results-oriented staffing company specializing in a wide range of industry specific practices. To put it simply, we recruit, screen and hire talented people for temporary and full-time positions.  This classification description is intended to indicate the general kinds of tasks and levels of work difficulty that are required of positions given this title and should not be construed as declaring what the specific duties and responsibilities of any particular position shall be. It is not intended to limit or in any way modify the right of any supervisor to assign, direct and control the work of the employees under her/his supervision. The use of a particular expression or illustration describing duties shall not exclude other duties not mentioned that are of a similar kind or level of difficulty. Equal Opportunity Employer
 Cummins is a place big enough to coach and develop a global workforce and create the world’s leading clean, engine technology. We’re also small enough for you to find your fit and personal passion with a team of dependable, innovative thinkers who are developing their careers within a diverse, inclusive, empowering environment.  Learn more about this role and how you can begin Working Right.  Our Corporate Business Unit delivers reliable, durable, high performing products to our global partners. Working in an innovative space, you’ll develop high tech solutions that will fuel your advanced career skill set and empower you to own your career. Our integrated businesses demand the talents and creativity of individuals with a wide range of skills and experience.  This is an exciting opportunity in Columbus, IN for a Datalinks Software Developer. Cummins USA is where you can work on industry leading projects. Your impact will happen in these and other ways:The Embedded Data Link Software Engineer will develop “C” code software solutions to meet system requirements, specifically in the domain of embedded data links such as CAN/J1939. This requires datalinks engineer to have knowledge on 8-, 16- and 32 bit microcontrollers (ARM Power PC) from various manufacturers.Developing Requirements, software design, static and dynamic code analysis, software implementation, and development/execution of test procedures.Interfacing between hardware and software as well as evaluating the operational performance of an overall system.Participates as a team member and actively contributes towards team goals.Demonstrates good understanding and applies knowledge of an engineering discipline.Skills and Experience Required:Bachelor or Master’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering.3 year’s industry experience developing embedded software solutions.Strong C/C skills on RTOS and non RTOS.Experience with automotive communication protocols such as CAN, J1939.Proficient in utilizing CANalyzer and CANape.Proficient in use of debugging tools (in-circuit debugger, emulator, troubleshooting tools such as Oscilloscopes, Digital Multimeters, etc.)Worked on both Windows and Unix/Linux based development environments.Skills on Matlab/Simulink, XCP, UDS and CAN FD would be an added asset.Experience with software development version control tools such as Clearcase, Integrity.Good people interaction and teamwork skills.Strong oral and written communication skills.Required Education, Licenses or Certifications College, University, or equivalent degree in Engineering required. Compensation and Benefits Base salary rate commensurate with experience . Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Cash Balance Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, Domestic Partners Coverage and a full complement of personal and professional benefits. Cummins and E-verify At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates right to work using E-Verify. Cummins will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.  Ready to think beyond your desk? Apply for this opportunity to start your career with Cummins today. careers.cummins.com  Not ready to apply but want to learn more? Join our Talent Community to get the inside track on great jobs and confidentially connect to our recruiting team: http://connect.find.ly/cummins
 Position DescriptionAbout the Role:  The Software Development Engineer position is for a highly motivated person responsible for both developing and supporting external Internet-facing portal applications, web services, and backend batch processing systems. The role encompasses process improvements and automation for existing applications, and providing application support on a daily basis. There is a strong emphasis on troubleshooting and debugging skills, and overall knowledge of software, hardware, and networking concepts. The job requires interactions with many different groups and can be technical or business oriented, which will require effective communication skills. About our Business: Output Solutions at Fiserv delivers business-critical communications to financial institutions, health and property/casualty insurance providers, billers, retailers, travel and entertainment companies and advertising agencies nationwide. With solutions including transactional document production and delivery, card manufacturing and personalization and direct marketing services, we help our clients streamline operations to contain costs, while building customer loyalty and generating incremental revenue. Essential Job Responsibilities: Provide production support for our applications, assisting clients and end users who are facing issues with our applications. The support role is intended to provide development opportunities for process improvements and enhancements to the existing applications and systems, along with using the application itself to set user access, update client configurations, and troubleshooting data flow through the system.Develop, code, and implement applications languages including, but not limited to .NET Framework (C#, ASP.NET, MVC), JAVA, JavaScript, SQL, and HTML.Web Services (WCF, SOAP, and REST)Proficiency in SQL Stored Procedures and SQL Server Integration ServicesCreate documentation and provide knowledge transfers and code reviews.Troubleshooting and debugging skills essential.Create secure code that protects against vulnerabilities. The above statements are intended only to describe the general nature of the job, and should not be construed as an all-inclusive list of position responsibilities. Required Qualifications:Bachelors Degree in Computer Science / Computer Information Systems or related field.Preferred Qualifications:3+ years experience in development or supportStrong background in .NET Frameworks and SQLExperience in working with web languages such as HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.Proficiency with MS office suite of applications for creating technical documents and presentations.Solid understanding of IT infrastructure (servers, network, load balancers, etc.)Strong communication skills both written and verbally.Understanding of application development processes, languages and tools required.Additional Skills & KnowledgeKnowledge of Linux and Windows in a business environment desirable.Experience with working with code management software such as TFS, SVN, or GitHub desirable.General understanding of monitoring concepts and principles. SPLUNK a plusStrong understanding of ITIL Change Management practices. ServiceNow a plusExperience with SharePoint AdministrationSQL Server Reporting Services a plusStrong problem solving and application debugging skills.Effective collaborator and team player. Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet. Visit http://www.careers.fiserv.com/eeo for more information.
Job Purpose:The Application Developer translates business requirements into commercial grade applications, then deploys and maintains those applications for use by the business.Dutes:Design, build, test, document, and implement new applications using several programming languages and developmental tools.Consistently commit all code and work products to the appropriate VITAC repositoriesSupport existing applications in use by the businessProvide peer code reviewBuild and maintain project backlogs as neededEstimate task completion dates and sprint capacity as part of the sprint planning processProvide regular updates using VITAC agile project management softwareParticipate in weekly stand up meetingsProvide implementation support to IT Production team, as neededOther duties and responsibilities as neededAvailability:Standard Shift: Greenwood Village, CO: Monday - Friday; 8:00 am - 5:00 pm MT OR Canonsburg, PA: Monday - Friday; 8:00 am - 5:00 pm ETThis position requires employee to be on-site at VITAC facility and occasionally travel form one VITAC facility to another.Skills/Qualifications: Minimum:Excellent verbal and written communication skills4 years experience developing commercial Python 3.x applications4 years experience developing commercial Ruby on Rails applications3 years experience developing with MySQL3 years experience developing with PostgreSQL2 years experience developing commercial Java 8 applications2 years experience developing commercial Java 7 applications2 years experience working within the Agile project methodologyProficiency with Debian LinuxUbuntu 14.s or beterMaintain cooperative and courteous attitude with coworkers and customers with a proactive, customer service oriented approachStrong organization skillsAbility to work with multiple departments and meet deadlines Preferred:Experience developing commercial applications with:JavaScriptjQueryjSONBootstrap FrameworkAutomated documentation platforms (jDOC, nDOC, jsDOC)Experience with Saltstack, Puppet or ChefProficiency with RHEL/CentOS LinuxProficiency with Windows Server 2012 or betterExperience working with Atlassian JIRA and BitBucket platformsEducation: Bachelor's degree in relevant field or equivalent experience
Software Support Professional We are seeking a software technical support professional experienced in telephone support, troubleshooting and customer education. Strong analytical skills and ability to work both independently and as part of a team are essential. We prefer candidates that are confident and capable of working in a group of talented, intelligent individuals. We are a small, local, quickly growing business with over 25 years of stable, successful operation.  This is a software support position, but it also requires the candidate to be able to assist customers with a range of technology and some accounting issues. It is a challenging role and takes time to learn. The ability to receive and learn from constructive criticism, both while on and off calls with customers, is a requirement.  The technical support position is scheduled Monday through Friday, daytime hours. You will also share rotating, on-call duties. Overtime may be occasionally required. Full-time employment includes an incredible benefits package. Benefits consist of Medical/Dental, HRA, Retirement, PTO, and Paid Holidays (details will be provided).  If you like working for a small business, or have worked for a large company in the past and have felt that your talents were underutilized, this could be a good position for you. Interested candidates may reply with an updated resume and a brief cover letter explaining how your personality and experience may fit the position. Responsibilities include: · Provide customer education, troubleshooting, and support for several software suites developed by our company.  · Technical support for connectivity, e-mail, hardware, and secondary issues.  · Remain current on internal processes, procedures, and training used for managing customer technical and accounting issues.  · QA software testing.  · Utilize all available tools to analyze customer issues, provide communication on internal databases and ensure exceptional documentation on customer accounts.  · Quickly learn and troubleshoot a wide range of issues and software problems.  · Must be punctual, reliable, and have consistent attendance.  · Overtime and on-call, as needed.  · Work with General Manager and President of company in setting and achieving goals.  · Ensure delivery of department goals and objectives.  · Other duties may be assigned to meet business needs.Qualifications and Skills Required: · Strong analytical skills.  · Excellent problem solving and communication skills.  · Must be extremely detail oriented with respect to documentation and communication. Education/Training/Experience Requirements: · High school diploma or equivalent required.  · Minimum two years customer service with great phone and communication skills.  · Expert knowledge of Windows (XP to 10), including basic networking.  · The ability to troubleshoot software issues.  · Understand basic accounting and auditing procedures.  · Ability to take ownership and work independently to resolve customer concerns.  · Creativity and ability to laugh!
 Are you looking for the opportunity to gain real world experience while working with an innovative and industry leading organization? Would you like to help build, maintain, and enhance data warehousing and BI (business intelligence) solutions as direct enablers to a company’s business analytics and key performance insights? As a Proto Labs BI Software Development intern, you will be working on business critical initiatives that build your technical knowledge and leadership capabilities. While working alongside seasoned developers and software quality engineers, you’ll gain invaluable on-the-job experience, career development, and leadership opportunities while experiencing our team oriented, fun, and engaging culture. Tasks and Projects at Hand:Design, code, debug, and test the software you writeParticipate in problem analysis and solution development with other team membersLearn software best practices in a team based settingDevelop query methods on SQL Server databases and analysis cubes using SQL, T-SQL, SSAS DAXDeliver Modern BI analytics& report visualizations using Power BI, SSRS, Power Pivot, Excel automationsDocument data models and key artifacts in currency with corporate governance and standardsWho We Are: Proto Labs is the world's fastest manufacturer of custom prototype and low-volume parts. We revolutionized our industry by developing proprietary computing technologies and automated manufacturing processes that enable us to create"Real Parts, Really Fast." We are leading the charge in the digital manufacturing realm, which makes us an exciting place to work. Our company hires designers, engineers, developers, creative thinkers and smart people who tackle their roles with an entrepreneurial spirit. We pride ourselves on our innovative technology& laid back culture that focuses on doing meaningful work that brings transformational products to market. What We Have:An amazing team, personally and professionally, who tackles complex problems and delivers awesome resultsAn open, casual environment that gives you a lot of freedom combined with a lot of responsibilityA culture that embraces change, speed and getting things done while balancing your personal freedomWhat We’re Looking For:Someone working towards a degree in Computer Science or Software EngineeringA student on their way to being a master in: interpreting database relational/dimensional data models, entity relations& OLAP cubes; SQL/T-SQL coding; designing Modern BI dashboarding visualizationsA super star who has programming experienceSomeone comfortable working in a fast paced, changing environmentA people person with excellent communication skills, able to work well with a smart, passionate and growing teamA self-starter who has a passion for speed and getting things doneDatabases: MS SQL Server, Web Services, PostgreSQL, Azure Cloud SQL Database ServicesProgramming Languages: SQL, T-SQL, SSAS DAX, PowerShell or shell scripting, .NETModern BI Tools: Power BI, SSRS, Power Pivot, Excel pivots and automationsFamiliarity with scripting such as R, Python, JavaScript, HTML helpfulOther Useful Areas of Studies: Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science, Machine Learning, Data MiningAll Proto Labs facilities in the United States are ITAR-compliant operations. Due to ITAR regulations, Proto Labs is only able to employ U.S. Citizens, lawful permanent residents (green card holders) or foreign nationals granted refugee or asylee status. Individuals with temporary visas (e.g. E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, TN or OPT) are not eligible for hire.Proto Labs, Inc. is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer
 EdgeConneX® is the only global Edge Data Center® provider. Creating purpose-built, edge-of-network infrastructure solutions that extend the internet’s reach, EdgeConneX enables the fastest and most secure delivery of content, cloud services and applications. Edge Data Centers host bandwidth intensive and latency sensitive data closer to end-users, establishing a more secure, reliable and cost effective distribution model for the internet. For more information, please visit our EdgeConneX Internet of Everywhere®. Software Engineer,C#/Java /.net The Software Engineer will be responsible for performing software development of EdgeOS system functionality including new feature development, maintenance, as well as enhancements to existing functionality and technology improvements. The position entails full lifecycle responsibility including requirements analysis, design, implementation, testing, debugging, integration, and verification. Our software applications are developed using C#, JavaScript, and HTML programming languages running on a Windows ASP.Net environment. DutiesKnowledge acquisition of existing system components and functionalityFamiliarity with development environment tools and proceduresWorking with system users to gather and refine new requirementsFunctional decomposition of needs into solution components and algorithmsDocumentation of software design proposals for the solutionImplementation of software modifications to accomplish solution tasksImplementation of unit tests to automate quality validationTesting of software modifications to verify proper functionalityIntegration of software modifications into existing software systemTesting of integrated system solution to verify regression/functional accuracyDebugging, isolating, and fixing issues that arise during development testingCoordinating with other team members and solution contributorsSupporting system users and operation support staff with issue resolutionRequired SkillsBachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related technical fieldMinimum 6+ years in software engineeringMinimum 3+ years in database experience using SQL Server or equivalent RDBMSStrong problem solving ability and structured logical thinking skillsCan work independently and develop solutions to complex problemsExcellent time management and organizational skillsGood verbal and written communication skillsStrong team playerDesired QualificationsMercurial or equivalent configuration management tool experienceVisual Studio/ASP.Net/C# development experienceSQL Server Management Studio database experienceExperience in Agile/Scrum development methodologiesTravel The position is based at the Herndon, VA headquarters location and travel is not expected. However, there may be occasional travel required on an exception basis for team meetings or site visits.  This position reports to the EdgeOS Software Architect and will be expected to work closely with the other IT staff employees and third party software consultants involved in the development, operation and support of the EdgeOS system.  EdgeConneX believes diversity – of thought, backgrounds and experiences – affects all that we do, from our employees to the solutions we deliver. Our goal is to create an environment in which inclusion through diversity helps deepen the lives and work experience of our employees, enhances our innovation and creativity, and enriches our involvement in our communities. EdgeConneX is an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, as well as any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Apply Now 
SUMMARY Responsible to design, develop, document and deploy ASP .Net MVC applications and modules. Interact with other developers to collaborate for efficient and creative software development. Will maintain code quality, organization and automation and provide solutions to addresses contraints. Represents the Company in a positive image communicating and working with our employees, customers, and community in a safe and ethical manner to achieve financial success. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following.  · This position will be responsible to design, develop, document and deploy ASP.Net MVC applications and modules as part of the company infrastructure  · Participates in system design, innovation, and regular code review.  · Esnures the best possible performance, quality and responsiveness of applications.  · Help maintain code quality, organization and automatization.  · Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to mitigate and addresss these issues.  · Required to attend and complete all company development, safety and compliance training.  · Required to adhere to all BLS policies, procedures, DOT and OSHA safety rules and regulations.  · Strict adherence to C-TPAT best practices.  · Follows all workplace processes and standards in support of the ISO-9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015, and OHSAS 18000:2007 Quality certification programs.  · Other duties as assigned.QUALIFICATIONS  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE BS in Computer Science or equivalent3+ years of experience in C# application development3+ years of experience with ASP.Net and MVC3+ Years HTML / CSS development3+ Years jQuery, or other JavaScript library developmentExcellent analytical and communication (both verbal and written) skills.Highly proficient in SQLProficient in JavaScriptInnovative thinking and visionSolid understanding of technologyAbility to meet deadlines and be accountableMust have a strong sense of ownership, urgency and initiativeMust possess clear and concise verbal and written communication skills.Work well with others as part of a team and work under tight time constraints.Excellent analytical, troubleshooting skills, and demonstrated proficiency with problem solvingAbility to quickly learn new technologies and application functionalities
 Software Developer in Test  This position requires a highly motivated individual with the ability to work on multiple projects independently and as part of a project team. This is more than just a testing position; we are looking for a strong Quality Engineering background mixed with Software Development skills. This person will be an integral part of the Quality Infrastructure team for test automation. The focus of this position will be supporting and building the product teams’ test automation capability. To perform this position you will need to be a strong coder with excellent communication skills. With your previous experience in test automation you will be able to guide and set coding standards for product Quality Engineers to adopt.Actions and Results: Support complex coding requests from product teams Building an extensible framework for product teams Research, evaluate and find opportunities for improvement through new technology/process adoption Build strong, collaborative relationships within product teams to drive higher capabilities Own CI/CD support of daily build processes Identify gaps in product team capabilities, create plans to support team growthRequired Skills and Experience: BS in Computer Science, Engineering, or applicable discipline 4 or more years of QE experience Experience implementing automation testing for Web Services Experience testing Web UI’s through standard open source tools. Experience developing automated tests within a test automation framework Strong Java programming language experience Familiarity with SQL and working knowledge of relational database technologies Previous experience implementing test frameworks and harnesses Experience with web technologies: HTML, JSP, XML, JSON, CSS, etc. Hands-on experience working in agile software delivery teams Strong analytical and organizational skills, and attention to detail Excellent verbal and written communication skills Desired: Experience with RESTful APIs Experience testing with cloud based technologies (private/public) Experience implementing tests early in development to support agile testing practices Experience with CI tools and technologies such as Jenkins, Puppet or Chef​ Please send us your resume and a brief cover letter describing your strengths and why you think you’d be a good fit for our team to careers@eagleinvsys.com.
RAVEN SOFTWARE, developer of numerous award-winning games, including  contributions to the blockbuster Call of Duty franchise [Call of Duty: Online, Advanced Warfare,  Ghosts, Black Ops, Modern Warfare, Infinite Warfare, WWII], is looking for a passionate Software Engineering  Internto join our talented team as we continue to develop the best  gameplay experiences in the industry. This position will play a key role in the  technical implementation of the next-generation of first-person shooter (FPS)  gameplay. Job duties include:Develop, modify, and debug  engine C/C++ codeDeploys and tests software  on PC and Xbox One/PS4 console platformsDocument software and  features for internal and external engineering teamsCollaborate with other  internal departments (art, design, audio, animation, QA, etc.)Participates in the code  review processReports to Lead Software EngineerQualifications:Currently pursuing a  Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related fieldExperience developing software systems for personal or class projectsDemonstrated proficiency in  at least one tech-related area like graphics, networking, audio,  animation, computer architecture, etc.Strong understanding of  object-oriented programmingSolid math backgroundCreative, motivated,  focused, passionate, results-orientedGood communicator that  enjoys collaboration with other programmersPassion for gamesThe ideal candidate will also have:Experience with game or  graphics engine developmentDemonstrated ability to  write clean, readable, portable, and reliable codeA threshold of coursework in  Computer Science, Math and EngineeringStrong C/C++ experienceExperience with a scripting  language like Python, C#, Perl, ActionScript, JavaScript or LuaProficiency  working with a debugger
 ANALYST - RESEARCH ANALYST - SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENTJob code: 16-00855Email a friend  Printer friendly  Job Summary:Analyze, design, develop, test, document, and install software for Defense Systems applications, including machine learning, information exploitation, radio direction finding, signal acquisition, signal processing and electronic warfare programs; tasks will include automated data analysis, development of human/machine and graphical user interfaces, data visualization and database applications development and administration; Unser interface development will include both thick and thin client applications; collaborate with client technical representatives and SwRI engineering/software staff; software development work includes all aspects of requirements analysis, design, applications development, testing and deployment including graphical user interfaces, hardware control, data management, documentation, peer reviews, unit testing in multi-tasking, and multi-threaded; prepare technical documents and support proposal preparations as required.Education/Experience:Requires a BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering with at least a 3.3 GPA. Requires Computer Engineers with a Computer Science focus with 0 - 5 years experience. Must have a working knowledge of software development processes including an ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, coding, unit and integration testing, software/hardware integration and software documentation with an emphasis on real-time operations, graphical user interfaces including web/browser based applications, network based multiprocessor system design and control, database application development; must be able to demonstrate capabilities in software development leadership; working knowledge of Java, JavaScript, and C++ is required; excellent technically oriented verbal and written communications skills are required; experience in Qt, HTML5, Ext JS, Angular.js, Node.js, other Web based development, modern software development/scripting languages, IIS, Apache Tomcat and middleware is highly desirable; familiarity with signal processing, large data management, and/or Object Oriented distributed applications is also highly desired. Development may include Windows, Linux or other operating systems. Must be able to work at SwRI laboratories and short-term travel to government facilities / military bases or other customer facilities, both in the U.S. and overseas, for system installations and to provide technical support. Current DoD security clearance is highly desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.Special Considerations:Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.Job Locations: San Antonio, TexasFor more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.  An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer  Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran  Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
 Emergency Reporting is looking for software development talent as we continue to experience success and steady growth. Our open development workspace, Agile principles and value on career growth make us the best choice in your next career move.Please visit us at our website to learn more about position openings for:* UX Lead* Software Development Engineer I* Software Development Engineer IISoftware Development Engineers develop web technologies to support the global efforts of the Fire and EMS industry. We are passionate about our support of the Agile principles of software development and have embraced a scrum development methodology with strong emphasis on continuous improvement. As a Software Engineer I or II you will be working with or leading a small scrum team with a large potential for learning and growth. With your technical expertise you will manage individual projects tasks, deadlines and deliverables as you design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.
We currently have an opening for a C# Software Developer in the PAX River, MD area.C# Software Developer - Atlas Technologies, a rapidly-expanding company supporting the US Military and other Government entities, is seeking a passionate, flexible, highly-motivated team player to join our group of Information Technology professionals.  We are looking for passionate and flexible IT professionals who like to geek out learning the latest gadgets and techniques. Our immediate opening for a C# software developer will support our Navy customer and we are looking for local candidates or candidates who are open to moving to Southern Maryland. If you have a strong background in C#, Red Hat, Java, HTML 5, Web Client Dev, and VMWare, come join our team. Essential duties, functions and areas of expertise include, but are not limited to: Programming in C# languageExperience with HTML 5Experience with Java Script / ASP.NETExperience with JavaExperience with VMWare VIX APIs.Web Client Dev > OverallCoding within compliance of current DOD Information Assurance policies and instructionsPosition Requirements:Must be a US CitizenMust possess or be able to obtain and maintain a Department of Defense (DoD) Secret Level Security ClearanceStrong customer relations, documentation and oral communication skillsSelf-Motivated, strong work ethic and commitment to qualityA passion for learning about, and working in the IT industryEducation/Experience:BS Degree, or High School Diploma or GED with appropriate work experienceThree (3) years of experience, to include: Software Design, and Development.One (1) year programming experience with C# programming languagePlus: Familiarity with GMR IDD (NTDX file format).Atlas Technologies, Inc. is an innovative provider of leading edge Information Technology (IT) solutions to Government and industry partners. Our primary focus and experience covers network integration, cybersecurity, software development, engineering, and management. At Atlas, we take pride in our highly experienced and driven employees who share our Core Values and our Vision of merging technology with integrity to create a positive impact for our clients, community and country. Atlas offers a highly competitive salary and benefits package including: Medical/Dental/Vision, Life & Disability Insurance, Paid Time Off/Holidays, 401k, Education Assistance, Charitable Matching, Wellness Program, Flex Time, Employee Recognition and Ancillary Benefits.Atlas is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status. Visit our Career Site to apply and join our growing team of professionals. Visit us on GlassDoor.
What You’ll Do Our Wireless IoT Software Development Engineer in Test will help expand our testing horizons. This position requires initiative and the ability to remain flexible and responsive in a very dynamic environment. You will be part of the IoT QA team that provides End to End System test support. We are strong champions of Quality and advocate Quality in everything we do using new methodologies and tools to create and test scalable IoT software solutions that interact with widely deployed Internet products, thereby touching an endless number of users worldwide. Be part of the Cisco Jasper IoT organization that is driving the evolution and expansion into new technology areas and market segments. This is a cutting-edge IoT Quality group involved in the development, testing and automation of cloud-based wireless software. We need additional talent just like you! Who You will Work With Highly charged IoT QA engineers that are responsible for  · End to End System Testing for IoT software solutions that interact with a wide variety of exciting internet products and mobile network  · Designing and developing Android base applications that support daily functional network validation in an E2E network.  · Designing, developing, and documenting automated tests that provide functional & interoperability level verification tests from systems specification and product requirements.  · Working with tester, engineers, and program managers in the execution, development and maintenance of scripts for test automation.  · Tracking test cases and results. Raising, prioritizing, and verifying defects and fixes.  · Pro-actively seeking to make continuously improvements to Test coverage, execution and automation. Who you Are A highly charge engineer ready to join the IoT excitement with  · 3+ years of industry experience in Automation and Quality Assurance  · BS in Computer Science, Masters or equivalent experience  · Hands-on QA experience with iOS and Android-based smartphones/tablets automation  · Expertise in programing tools and languages such as Java, HTML, Jenkins, Scripting, Python, Selenium, TestNG for automation or test script development.  · Experience in scripting with Ruby, Python, Bash, Shell AND/OR other scripting language  · Experience with Continuous Integration tools like Jenkins/Hudson  · Advance skill with web services ( SOAP, REST ), creating and validating XML, API  · Experience in database architecture and SQL queries writing and programming  · Prior experience in testing software and/or networking applications in the areas of network/system management, reporting or any other software application that manages large volumes of data and provides dashboards and reporting features.  · Very strong analytical, technical, and problem solving skills  · Excellent written & verbal communication, and organizational skills.  · Must be results oriented and have a high degree of accountability, commitment and ability to manage multiple assigned tasks including providing regular updates and communication with key project stakeholders. LI-SB2
About the PositionWilly Wonka said “We are the dreamers of dreams.” Well, FiscalNote front-end engineers are the architects that make our open data dreams come true. Wild ambition isn’t lacking at FiscalNote, and only the most talented can visualize open-data products that have never been built before. Our front-end engineers love what they do, and they are on a mission to continuously improve upon and build the most beautiful and useful user interfaces the open data world has ever seen.About YouCreative. Ambitious. Communicative. Driven. You yearn to exercise your abilities in a greater capacity than on a tiny feature of a much larger product. Lending your talents across our entire stack, you not only love sharing your savvy with the team, but also crave the opportunity to absorb any and all knowledge from our hyper-collaborative environment. Your appreciation (bordering on obsession) for clean code and attention to detail have helped you shine brightly at previous positions. You’re tickled by the idea of implementing inventive uses of older technologies, but even more revved at the idea of leveraging the most modern front-end tools, frameworks, and languages. Most of all, though, you live to engineer creative interfaces that take the user experience to a whole new level.You Have2+ years of industry experience programming in JavaScriptExpertise with HTML5 and CSS3Expertise with jQueryKnowledge of algorithms, data structures and Object Oriented programmingKnowledge of and experience with JavaScript MV* frameworks. Ember.js is highly recommended.Undergraduate and/or graduate degree in engineering, computer science, or related technical field (Preferred)Experience in Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, or related design software (Preferred)UI/UX design experience (Ideal)About Engineering at FiscalNoteOur team has a wealth of diverse life and career experiences that allow us to think outside of the box and ahead of the curve. And we laugh – all the time. You'll get the opportunity to work at an institution pushing the boundaries of open data transparency, while collaborating with some of the industry’s brightest engineers and data scientists to devise, nurture, and implement cutting-edge solutions to continuously evolving engineering obstacles.In becoming a FiscalNoter, you’ll enjoy a plethora of benefits that you would expect at both an established company and at a startup. More importantly, though, is the opportunity to develop software that impacts real decisions -- decisions that substantially affect governing in the US and abroad. You will hone your engineering skills among peers just as motivated and skilled as you are, and in the process, develop a tight-knit camaraderie that will transcend simple software development.About Us:The FiscalNote GRM platform is the most effective solution for managing government impact and public issues and is quickly becoming the cloud platform of choice for global brands as they analyze and manage their government risk, opportunity, and influence at the local, state, federal, and international levels. More than 200 companies rely on FiscalNote GRM and its services.Our fierce curiosity and insatiable urge for the next challenge pours into our company culture. FiscalNote earned the Top Workplace™ award for our ever growing and diverse company culture bolstered by our company values which are at the core of every decision we make. We are always looking for individuals who are excited and driven by opening data to help impact the world around them.Company Benefits:FiscalNote offers competitive salaries, equity packages, and retirement accounts to ensure we’re all FN owners. We work hard, so we want you to play hard; our open vacation policy and vacation expense contribution help us ensure you’re getting the R&R you need. We offer a comprehensive health, vision, and dental insurance options including a Flexible spending account. We have a slew of other benefits which you can check out at www.fiscalnote.com/careers.FiscalNote values diversity. We are committed to equal opportunities and creating an inclusive environment for all our employees. We welcome applicants regardless of ethnic origin, national origin, gender, race, religious beliefs, disability, sexual orientation or age. FIscalNote is an EEOC.FiscalNote uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all new employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.DHS.gov/E-Verify Apply
Department: Product Engineering Reports To: Director of Product Engineering Position Summary As a C# / .NET Developer, you will be responsible for overseeing and developing application functions for a growing technology company focused on the travel industry. This includes developing and implementing hosted applications that match quality control and operational requirements ensuring that customer objectives are met.  The primary internal goal of the C#/.Net Developer is to maintain and pursue standards and systems that can be replicated to increase efficiencies and profitability, while maintaining flexibility to provide solutions for customers’ unique processing needs.  Externally, the C# / .NET Developer has an inherent responsibility to the quality and integrity in solutions we provide for end results that meet or exceed customer expectations of our contracted services and applications.  Qualified candidates should have a strong understanding of Global Distribution Systems (GDS) functionality, travel industry technical and operations knowledge, customer service principles, and excellent customer communication skills. Furthermore, travel industry “Best Practices” knowledge is desired along with proven aptitude and experience with travel industry based technology.  The ideal candidate will have a minimum of five (5+) years of technology experience in software development, demonstrated travel industry experience or relevant experience. Duties and Responsibilities:The responsibilities for the C#/.Net Developer will include but not be limited to participation in the following areas: Working in a fast-paced environment to deliver on critical business initiatives  Participate and contribute to ad-hoc development projects as they arise  Rewrite existing C/C++ system using .NET, C#, and SQL Server  Apply coding and analytical skills in all phases of the software development life cycle  Interface with third party APIs to pull real time data  Analyze existing code and designs  Maintain, debug and test applications as needed  Utilize defect and enhancement tracking software and processes  Use version control systems effectively, including an understanding of branching and merging Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Knowledge of OOP concepts & Component Design  Ability to generate specifications and related unit test plans  Excellent verbal and written communication skills  Excellent organizational, problem solving, coding, unit testing and debugging skills  Five (5) years of .NET Technologies (ASP.NET, VB.NET, C#) and SQL  Web Technologies (ASP, HTML, VBScript, JavaScript, CSS)  Ability to be a self-starter on a full life cycle development project  Relational database knowledge (SQL Server, Oracle); SQL development and T-SQL skills a plus  Familiarity with Agile and Waterfall software development methodologies  Solid understanding of web services, REST, SOAP and the HTTP  Travel technology integration experience  Ability to learn new products  Highly motivated and able to work independently  Strict attention to detail / detail oriented  Proven problem solving and research skills  Ability to work independently and accept accountability for actions  Ability to exercise good judgment and meet deadlines  Team player Preferred Credentials and Experience: Corporate Travel related experience  Experience with multiple development languages (Java, C#, JavaScript, etc.)  Experience with enterprise business solutions  Experience with scaling large databases  Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field of study  Equivalent combination of education and experience  Technology experience with at least one Global Distribution System (GDS)  To apply send resume to Cornerstone Information Systems, Systems Department, 300 West Sixth Street, Bloomington, IN 47404 or email to jobs@ciswired.com
Company Overview At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to: Build and enhance our proven security platformBlend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architectureAnalyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intelCollaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That’s why we’re a leader in next-generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner.The Role Proofpoint is a leader in the world of detecting and preventing email based fraud. We have built a cutting edge platform for collecting, processing and analyzing a massive amount of email data. The insight we provide helps our client base build a robust email infrastructure as well as informs clients of malicious use of their brand. We are looking for an experienced web developer to help weave the complex data story in our client portal.  The successful candidate will be comfortable building enterprise web applications. They will join a team of dedicated web developers working in a collaborative, team first environment. Your day-to-dayBuild a world class SaaS web platformLeverage new technology to accelerate the velocity of the teamStudy client behavior and use metrics to make informed decisionsParticipate in the product development process by working closely with other engineering and product teams to ensure the best solution is brought to marketWhat you bring to the team5+ years of experience developing web applicationsStrong knowledge and experience with modern javascript ( ES6 / NPM / Webpack )Proficient coding skills in PHP, CSS/SASS and related web technologiesFamiliarity with Node.js, Python, Java or GoExperience with complex SQL syntaxKnowledge of NoSQL technologies and when to use themPractical experience with AWS Cloud technologiesDesirable:First hand experience with docker, kubernetes and container technologies.Passion for automation and quality assuranceExperience with a modern CI/CD pipelineExperience working as part of an agile software development teamKnowledge of email technology, including MTAs (e.g. Postfix), MX records and SMTPWhy ProofpointAs a customer focused and driven-to-win organization with leading edge products, there are many exciting reasons to join the Proofpoint team. We believe in hiring the best the brightest and cultivating a culture of collaboration and appreciation. As we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand that hiring the right people and treating them well is key to our success! We are a multi-national company with locations in 10 countries, with each location contributing to Proofpoint’s amazing culture!  #LI-AN1
 Job Summary  Join the team responsible for ensuring highest quality for technologies at the heart of products known to surprise and delight our customers. Our team is part of the Core OS organization and is responsible for firmware, device drivers and frameworks related to sensors, input devices and always-on coprocessors. This is a highly entrepreneurial team, always looking for innovative ways to improve status quo and solve difficult problems in new and better ways. We are looking for someone who can lead the charge on quality for one or more technology areas. Successful candidate will be capable of getting hands-on with test automation and execution while simultaneously being able to drive overall test planning and quality reporting. You will work in a fast paced environment, interacting directly with engineering teams within the organization as well as cross functional teams. The nature of the position requires the candidate to have excellent communication skills, strong technical and debugging skills, along with a drive to make a difference.  Key Qualifications: Solid UNIX OS fundamentalsExperience with Python and C programmingHighly motivated, creative, and organizedStrong verbal and written communication skillsProven ability to ramp up quickly on new and existing technologies  Description: Own overall testing and quality of the technologies for which you are responsible. Design, develop and own automated tests for new and existing technologies. Investigate and analyze issues spanning across the hardware and software interaction layers. Work closely with engineering and project management team to ensure quality releases  Education:  MS in CS / EE or equivalent experience  Additional Requirements:  Knowledge of IOKit fundamentals  Experience with developing, testing or debugging device drivers and firmware  Experience in working with Human Input Devices and/or sensors (accelerometer, gyroscope, ALS, biometric sensors etc.)  Knowledge/experience with Unix shell or other scripting languages  Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
UI Developer - Stealthwatch  Alpharetta, GA What You'll Do You will build security detection system for our customers using current technologies. You will make technology choices and put them into practice. Technologies like AngularJS, JavaScript, HTML 5, Protractor, Gherkin, Gulp, npm, Docker, AWS and other Enterprise Commercial software may be knowledge areas where we start. Our destination will change based on what we learn. You will be an active learner and work with your team to deliver innovative security software solutions (not writing shelfware) for our customers. You will be part of a strong collaborative Agile/Scrum team. You will be challenged and have the opportunity to play to your strengths. Individuality in a team environment reflects the culture you will need to support. You will be helping our customers protect what's important from cyber threats. You will be challenged in working to solve some tough engineering problems using some of the latest tools, technologies and approaches. You will get to leverage your strengths and have the opportunity to master existing skills and learn new ones. You will look to apply lean startup principles to validate the growth and value potential in all that we do.  Making the world a safer place. Big company resources w/ small company culture/feel. Who You'll Work With You will work on strong cross functional teams that own their outcomes. We believe in building strong teams and look for people that feel the same. You and your teammates believe in healthy discussions around ideas and how to deliver quality solutions to our customers. You will be part of a small team that engages in unfiltered conflict around ideas. You will be part of an established but fast-growing organization that continues to thrive in the security industry. You will follow our solutions with your team to our customers and will work with the people and departments on the way to ensure success. You and your team will hold one another accountable for delivery. We are not satisfied until the customer's problem is solved. The team will focus on achievement of collective results. The team is willing to experiment and adapt. Where forks in the road are approached, they will use data to drive their decisions. Who You Are A disciplined, practitioner of sound software engineering practices. Your passion is creating delightful user experiences, specializing on the front-end. You enjoy taking designs and breathing life into them. You enjoy working with your colleagues in connecting the front-end to RESTful services on the back-end. You love writing tests and any other automation hacks to improve efficiency and quality. You posses excellent verbal communication skills and are willing to pitch in and help the team to succeed. You have strong technical and analytical skills. JavaScript. AngularJS, HTML5, CSS, consuming RESTful services. You enjoy staying on top of fast-moving trends in web development. You have working knowledge of networking theory (TCP/IP) or strong desire to learn it. You posses an inner level of confidence that allows you to lead some days and follow others based on what is needed for the desired outcomes. You are an active learner on a journey to solve problems for our customers. You collaborate with other engineers and people in the organization to improve our solution delivery. You believe in Lean/Agile principles and actively work to incorporate them in the organization. You have multiple skills in your toolbox and have the ability to pick the right tool for the right job. You care about your craft and strive towards producing high-quality code. At least 7 years professional development experienceSignificant cross-browser experience with web development, JavaScript, frameworksA solid understanding of core JavaScriptFamiliarity with accessibility, and internationalization/localization, security (e.g. OWASP) concernsAn understanding of application performance tuning and resource usageA solid understanding of architectural principles such as Layering, Inversion of Control and Separation of ConcernsKnowledge of IP networking and security is preferredWhy Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.  We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  We Are Cisco.
Catalant is looking for pragmatic engineers. Our team is responsible for creating and supporting a marketplace that connects over 40,000 independent experts with global businesses. We try not to overbuild: we value shipped code over perfect code. There are no ivory towers here. Easy things should be easy. Time to market is important, as is time to fix. We value honesty, teamwork and cooperation. Sound good?Based in Bostons Seaport, Catalant serves thousands of enterprise clients, including GE, Pfizer and Staples, as well as countless others on a confidential basis. Our investors include Highland Capital, Greylock Partners, and General Catalyst, three of the top Venture Capital firms out there, as well as famed investor Mark Cuban (Yup, the one from Shark Tank!). We're on a mission to build the absolute best team on the east coast, and were looking for talented, scrappy, and fun folks to get on board.Were a python shop on the Flask framework. We use docker. We do continuous deployment. We work in 4-6 person scrum teams, writing new features and customized business logic for our clients. We limit meetings, so youre focused on the stuff that matters. If you get stuck on a problem youre working on, your team is right there to help you out and get you moving again. Our brand-new office has plenty of space to explore. Feel like you need a change of perspective? Go work in our garden, or the cafe or the library.If you are a motivated developer with 1-4 years of programming background and an interest to work in a fun, fast paced environment then look no further. Catalant needs engineers like you to power this rocket ship.
 Software Engineer PG 006 $56,320 - $88,000  The North Carolina League of Municipalities (NCLM) is initiating the recruitment process for an Software Engineer. The purpose of this position is to provide software development and support for League activities. This is accomplished by analyzing current business processes, evaluating and developing new web based applications, providing support to databases, establishing and working with members, staff, and vendors to improve software delivery.  We are looking for an experienced, self-motivated candidate who desires to work for a progressive mission driven organization dedicated to supporting North Carolina local government. If you meet the requirements and are interested in being considered for this position, please follow the application process at the link below. https://workforcenow.adp.com/jobs/apply/posting.html?client=nclm&jobId=190186&lang=en_US&source=CC2  Position details include:  Perform software development, systems analysis, reporting design, and other development; Responsible for scoping, requirements, development, testing, and deployment tasks; Expected projects will involve .NET, Java, web services, SQL Server Reporting Services and SharePoint  Leads data integration/interface systems: Document data repositories; table & field structures and where integrations are in place. Assist in data integrity and consolidation efforts. develop/customize reports as needed. Lead in distribution of exported or integrated data to other databases, website or other applications.  Improves information technology by meeting with IT Team to discuss organizational issues and solutions; soliciting departmental needs; and establishing secure forms of data exchange using encryption, secure sites, and FTPs.  Minimum Qualifications:  • Broad knowledge in a general professional or technical field. Four year degree-level of study preferred.  • Over two years up to and including five or more experience. Interaction with government, not-for-profit, or private sector organizations helpful.  • Possess experience in systems analysis, requirements, software development, reporting, and analysis  • Experienced with a broad range of the following technologies preferred, but candidates with partial experience will be considered:  • ASP.NET, distributed web applications, relational databases, reporting  • C#, HTML5, XML, Java, JavaScript  • SQL Server, MySQL, SQL Server Reporting Services  • SharePoint design and development  • Web and mobile applications, XML web services  • Familiar with developing work estimates, tasks, and project approaches  • Possess strong documentation skills in creating requirements, specifications, process flows, system documentation  • Demonstrate solid problem-solving, relationship, communication, and coordination skills  • Learn and apply technologies and business processes quickly and effectively  • Communicate well with users, technical staff, and management  • Work well independently and on teams  • Show initiative in handling multiple assignments  • Results-oriented, flexible, and creative  • Eager to learn, self-starter, and support team outside of current skills  • Initiate, manage, learn, and perform work with limited instruction  Skills/Certifications/License Required:  Valid Class C Driver's License  This position reports to the NCLM Director of Information Technology and is located in Raleigh, NC.  Deadline: December 1, 2017 or until filled
PositionDescription:Our Software Application Developer is responsible for the development and support of our SAAS applications. The ideal candidate will have experience with REST, SOAP, SQL, and C#. The individual participates in all phases of the software implementation process including both package and custom development. Software development processes include requirements gathering and analysis, functional design, technical design, coding, testing, implementation, and post implementation support & maintenance. Responsibilities:Develop solutions in APEX, Visualforce, .NET, C#, SQL, and various API libraries.Integrate applications with our platform using SOAP and REST web services.Follow defined and de facto development standards.Participate in code reviews.Ensure assigned technical tasks are being delivered on time and with quality.Provide production support and all related ancillary programs.Support the entire product development lifecycle including requirements gathering and analysis, functional design, technical design, coding, testing, implementation, and post implementation support & maintenance.Analyze, design, and implement robust, maintainable solutions that meet the established business requirements utilizing creative thinking and problem-solving skills.Develop and maintain technical and project documentation.Develop unit tests and test plans in order to work with the QA team to establish quality test processes.Follow current development trends and provide recommendations for new development strategies and tools.Make suggestions to management on current and emerging technologies, on methods to reduce costs, improve performance and availability, and reduce administration time.Other development duties which may be necessary to fulfill optimum efficiency of the position.Qualifications:Desired Experience and Skills:Proficient knowledge on related technical skill sets and technologies including but not limited to REST, SOAP, SQL Server, and C#. (Javascript, HTML5, CSS, Java, APEX, Visualforce, agile development, object oriented design, and distributed version control a plus)Ability to work effectively with a variety of constituents (Architecture, Configuration Management, Quality Assurance, Business Analysts, Other Development Teams, Business Customers)Understanding of user interface design and user experienceWorking knowledge of effective problem solving and identifying innovative solutionsProficient analytical skills, including the ability to evaluate existing or proposed new solutions for potential flaws or improvement opportunities – including alignment to departmental goals and standardsWorking ability to navigate complex environments and work with interdisciplinary teams and effectively communicate priorities, deliver expectations, risks and concerns to managementDemonstrate solutions development ability, including innovative thinking, creative problem solving, and the ability to execute quickly while maintaining high quality expectationsProficient written and verbal communication skills in English, including the ability to explain complex ideas to others with varying levels of expertise throughout the organization and with potential business partnersProficient organizational skills, with the ability to handle multiple, overlapping, and potentially conflicting prioritiesProficient ability to remain highly effective under stress and respond to pressure in a manner acceptable to others and to the organizationProficient knowledge of services design patterns, principles, and practicesProficient experience working with developing and supporting scalable services technologies with strict SLAs and high throughputBachelor’s degree from an accredited program in Computer Science, Computer Science Engineering or related academic discipline requiredAt least 3 to 5 years of experience in REST, SOAP, SQL, and C#
Software EngineerIf you are a .Net Developer with three or more years of experience, looking to step into a technical leadership role, AppRiver would love to talk to you.In this role you will work on an agile team to transform our backend systems to leverage the newest technologies and practices.Where we are now:· Large multi-purpose systems· Mix of SOAP and REST APIs· Manual deployments to our servers· CQRS and Event Sourcing· Synchronous ProcessesWhere we are going:· Cloud hosted microservices· Standardized REST APIs· CI/CD Pipelines with Containers (Docker)· Service Bus Architectures and Enterprise Caching· Asynchronous, reactive systemsA roadmap is in place and feature teams are making progress on some of this work, but it is your team that will drive this effort. You will set the standards and chart the path forward.AppRiver is an excellent place to work. We believe strongly in continuing education and improvement, and will support your efforts to improve your skills. We also believe in self-organizing teams, work-life balance, and taking some time to have fun.We are very excited about this initiative and look forward to speaking with you about how you can help us accomplish these goals.Our Technology Stack:· ASP.Net, C#· API Technologies Including WCF, SignalR, SOAP & REST· MongoDB and SQL Server· Testing frameworks including Jasmine, NUnit, and xUnit· CQRS architectures with event-sourced persistenceJoin us as a technical leader and help shape the future of cloud software.Who We Are:AppRiver provides cybersecurity and productivity solutions for businesses of all sizes. Our company headquarters is in beautiful Gulf Breeze, Florida, on the state's northwestern "Emerald Coast," with satellite offices in Georgia and Texas. We're a highly productive team of more than 250 professionals who develop, sell and support innovative cloud-based services around the globe. Our business is based on the philosophy of Phenomenal Care -- an assurance that the AppRiver brand means a great experience for our customers and our team members alike.All positions require a criminal background screening.
Enjoy what you do while contributing to a company that makes a difference in people’s lives. CHG Healthcare is one of the largest providers of healthcare staffing in the country. Through our trusted brands – CompHealth, Weatherby Healthcare, RNnetwork, Foundation Medical Staffing and Global Medical Staffing – we provide temporary and permanent placement of healthcare providers all over the country. We touch the lives of millions of patients every year. When your day-to-day routine contributes to this important work, it’s easy to get excited about what you do!CHG HealthCare is a leader in the HealthCare Staffing Industry. We are looking for dedicated senior software engineers who want to work for one of “Utah’s Most Admired Companies”. This position is responsible for developing and maintaining software programs using a variety of technologies including Java and Salesforce.com while adding to a culture of putting people first, growth, continuous improvement, integrity, ethics, quality and professionalism.How You’ll Contribute:Develop software that ensures a high level of performance for all business use-case outliers, including web page performance, SQL performance, memory optimizations, etcHeavy involvement in the requirements gathering, development and operation stages of new projectsTroubleshoot and debug related software defects with existing and new applicationsContribute to and maintain development documentationEnsure all designs comply with architecture standards, guidelines and meet the necessary governance and compliance.A strong focus on highly scalable applicationsResponsible for ensuring the entire team is developing applications based on predefined best practicesResearch emerging development technologies establishing new standards and evolve existing standardsEnsure the success and growth of the team by mentoring and coaching junior peers while striving to share your knowledge with senior peersWork in an agile environmentMaintain and improve existing applicationsStrong desire to learn our full technology stackResponsible for responding to application outagesCapable of working with a team of developers ensuring the team delivers a quality projectPerform code reviews with others on the team while taking joint responsibility for proper architecture, design and quality of other's projectsBe honest and trustworthy at all times. Work hard to ensure transparency and honesty in all interactionsConstantly seek opportunities to improve the way we collaborate. Actively seek ways to improve processes. Welcome feedback and respond in a positive wayMake decisions with the best interests of the team in mind. Participate and share points of views and opinions in an open, honest and respectful manner. Recognize and celebrate the success of co-workers and the teamWhat You’ll Bring:5+ years’ experience developing softwareProficiency in Java and related frameworks such as Hibernate, Spring, SpringBootExperience in a JavaScript technology such as Node.js, React, Vue.jsExperience architecting and implementing RESTful web service solutionsExperience with microservices a plusExperience in Salesforce.com a plusWhat We Offer:Competitive salary + bonusComprehensive training—we rank No. 3 among the world’s top training organizationsMedical, dental, vision, and 401(k) matchingGenerous paid time off and holidaysRetirement planning and savings optionsTuition assistanceOn-site health centerOn-site gymAbility to make an impact in the communities we serveAt CHG, we foster an environment where our people feel free to be themselves. Our core values—Putting People First, Growth, Continuous Improvement, Quality and Professionalism, and Integrity and Ethics—guide us daily to work hard and enjoy what we do! We’re committed to growing our company and are always looking to promote from within. This is an ideal time to join our team.We are an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity EmployerMinorities/Women/Veterans/DisabledWe are an at-will employer
 RE/QE for Aero At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists. You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.
Position Summary The SaaS team is looking for a leader to help drive Neptune’s platform development. Neptune’s platform is the foundation for our commercial software offering and is composed of services to manage our customers' operations to include compute, network and storage resources. These services are used by end users for access to IOT data, specifically Neptune’s world class water meters.  We provide autonomy for the development leaders, to hire and coach engineers to collectively solve problems. You will get all the support from leadership and your peers to succeed in this journey.  We take our culture of execution seriously. We challenge status quo and welcome thinking that is not typical.  We develop solutions that scale and you need to be in the driver seat and work through any challenges and solve problems. The aspects of"why" and"what" are well defined and the"how" is accomplished by the team.  Our most valued partner is our customer. This is part of our DNA. You are responsible for making them successful when they use our services.  As a leader, you will need to build a diverse and open culture that embraces debate, makes decisions and collectively work and deliver to our customers.  We are a data driven company. Data is our mirror and we measure everything we build and work hard to ensure what we measure makes our customers happy.  The team size will be 5-7 engineers with varied levels of experience (new college grads to extremely accomplished senior technical individual contributors). ResponsibilitiesDemonstrates knowledge of cloud architecture and implementation features (i.e. OS, multi-tenancy, virtualization, orchestration, and elastic scalability).Acts as subject matter expert to the organization when migrating existing customers' data to AWS cloud as part of Neptune’s Cloud First direction.Maintains overall industry knowledge on latest trends and technology.Develops full stack solutions and evaluates architectural alternatives for private, public, and hybrid cloud models, including SaaS, IaaS, PaaS, and other cloud services.Defines optimal design patterns and solutions for high availability and disaster recovery for applications.Researches, operationalizes, and trains others in the use of cloud technologies and best practices.Ensures delivered solutions meets/performs to technical and functional/non-functional requirements.Provides technical expertise and ownership in the diagnosis and resolution of an issue, including the determination and provision of workaround solution or escalation to business owners.Ensures delivered solutions are realized in the time frame committed and works in conjunction with project sponsors to size and manages the scope and risk.Effectively manages team to achieve results by providing appropriate direction, timely developmental feedback and coaching, and conducting performance reviews and conversations.Provides coaching and direction to the team that drives action and enables achievement of performance and operational goals.Experience7-10 years of experience in developing code, testing, and deploying it in production.At least 3 years of experience in managing teams in building platforms and delivering them7+ years creating data models, schema design, and schema development7+ years T-SQL coding; including stored procedures, views, and triggers7+ years optimizing SQL performance, work with database partitioning, compression and indexing7+ years implementing operational automation and monitoring using scripts and SQL jobsPlan, prepare, test and perform database patches and upgradesExperience with AWS Redshift, AWS EMR or AWS Datapipeline.Experience with one or more programming languages (i.e. C# or Java).Exposure to multiple, diverse technologies and processing environments.Knowledge of all components of a technical architecture.Strong understanding of network architecture.Demonstrates leadership ability to back decisions with research and the“why”. Articulate several options, the pros and cons for each, and a recommendation.Demonstrates forward thinking around where the organization is going and how technology can support these efforts.A‘can-do’ attitude to meet challenges; energized by change and thriving in team-based work.Excellent verbal, written, interpersonal, and customer service skills and ability to establish good working relationship with a wide range of people.Project and time management skills, with the ability to manage completing priorities.Demonstrable experience in solving problems in the areas of distributed systems at scale preferably at Systems level (Application level experience with systems orientation is also welcome).  Experience working in a diverse team and accomplishing goals with cross team collaboration.Experience working in the public clouds is a plus but not required.Experience as a team lead.EducationA Bachelor or higher degree in Computer Science or related field. A lack of degree can be supported by an accomplished career in building software systems at scale.Location: Duluth, GA
Job Description for Software Development EngineersCompanyAdaptiva is a leading, global enterprise systems management company headquartered in Bellevue, WA. Our breakthrough peer-to-peer distributed computing technology is trusted by hundreds of large enterprises around the world. Our environment and culture incorporate our four core values: Integrity, Excellence, Work Ethic, and Dignity of Labor. As an employer, we offer above-market compensation structures, industry-leading benefits packages, and incredible learning and growth opportunities, in a fast-paced and collaborative environment.Job SummaryWe are seeking passionate and driven Software Development Engineers who love solving big problems using well-designed and elegantly-written code. You’ll be working on cutting-edge technologies, including Big Data, Cloud Services, Analytics, Visualization, and Machine Learning to solve real-world problems for some of the biggest and most respected Fortune 500 companies in the world.ResponsibilitiesDesign and develop sophisticated on-premise and cloud-based softwareEngage directly with major Adaptiva customers to help define the functionality of current and future Adaptiva productsWork collaboratively with product marketing, sales, solutions engineering, and support teams to ensure that Adaptiva products deliver outstanding experiences to all our customers RequirementsBachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or Engineering1-3 years of proven software development experience using C, C++, C#, or JavaDemonstrated ability to design and develop high-quality codeExcellent knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and object-oriented programmingAbility to develop multi-threaded, asynchronous code, using extensive synchronization mechanismsExperience with high-volume, high-performance transaction processing systems or other high-performance client-server softwareWillingness to write design documents and specifications
Clearance Level Must Currently Possess: No Active Clearance Required Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: No Active Clearance Required Suitability:DHS EODJob Family: Information Technology Job Description: CSRA is seeking a full stack software developer in Falls Church, VA, to work on software systems to support Department of Homeland Security (DHS) program serving the National Security and Emergency Preparedness (NS/EP) community. In this role, you will perform software development work for CSRA’s contract to support the Office of Emergency Communications (OEC) Priority Telecommunications Services (PTS), delivered through service providers’ public networks. PTS provides priority voice, video and data communications to the NS/EP community in times when the public telecommunications networks are experiencing stress due to natural or man-made disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, terrorist attacks or other acts of war. The OEC’s PTS mission is to ensure NS/EP users have a high likelihood of successful communications when public telecommunications networks are experiencing congestion of up to 25 times their normal load.  Full stack software developer to work on design, development, testing and maintenance of software applications.  As an IT services provider serving the U.S. government sector, CSRA is where you can come to be successful. Take advantage of tremendous opportunities as we chart our path to industry leadership, and tap into our collective 90+ year heritage. With combined FY15 revenues of approximately $5.5 billion and nearly 19,000 employees, CSRA represents the coming together – figuratively and literally – of two outstanding companies: the North American Public Sector business of CSC, and SRA. Join us and watch your career take flight.  Essential Job Functions Work on all the phases of software development life cycle (SDLC)Collaborate with team members to implement enhancements or new applicationsDevelop code to meet requirementsConduct design and code review to ensure compliance with standardsEstimate level of effort to develop code to meet requirementsCreate and maintain design, test plan documentsQualifications Job Specific Qualifications Minimum three years of experience with Microsoft .NET Framework 4.0 and higher, C#.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and AJAX. Experience with ASP.NET Web Forms is a plus.Experience with AngularJS and Node.js. Experience with npm, bower and grunt is a plusExperience with Microsoft Visual Studio 2015 or higher.Familiarity with Microsoft SQL Server 2008 or higher (including database relationships; data normalization; and writing stored procedures, functions, and triggers).Ability to independently analyze, understands, troubleshoot, and modify existing software code.Experience in debugging and testing software applications.Communicate with management regarding status of software development and problem solving effortsWork with cross functional teams on resolving issues reported by customersBachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field. Contractual Requirements Must be a U.S. CitizenMust be able to obtain/maintain a DHS EOD clearance CSRA is committed to creating a diverse environment and is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. # of Openings:1Scheduled Weekly Hours:40Telecommuting Options: Some Telecommuting Allowed Work Location: USA VA Falls Church - 3170 Fairview Park Dr, VTCB (VAS040) Additional Work Locations:CSRA is committed to creating a diverse environment and is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
 Cummins is a place big enough to coach and develop a global workforce and create the world’s leading clean, engine technology. We’re also small enough for you to find your fit and personal passion with a team of dependable, innovative thinkers who are developing their careers within a diverse, inclusive, empowering environment.  Learn more about this role and how you can begin Working Right.  Our Corporate Business Unit delivers reliable, durable, high performing products to our global partners. Working in an innovative space, you’ll develop high tech solutions that will fuel your advanced career skill set and empower you to own your career. Our integrated businesses demand the talents and creativity of individuals with a wide range of skills and experience.  This is an exciting opportunity in Columbus, IN for a Datalinks Software Developer. Cummins USA is where you can work on industry leading projects. Your impact will happen in these and other ways:The Embedded Data Link Software Engineer will develop “C” code software solutions to meet system requirements, specifically in the domain of embedded data links such as CAN/J1939. This requires datalinks engineer to have knowledge on 8-, 16- and 32 bit microcontrollers (ARM Power PC) from various manufacturers.Developing Requirements, software design, static and dynamic code analysis, software implementation, and development/execution of test procedures.Interfacing between hardware and software as well as evaluating the operational performance of an overall system.Participates as a team member and actively contributes towards team goals.Demonstrates good understanding and applies knowledge of an engineering discipline.Skills and Experience Required:Bachelor or Master’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering.3 year’s industry experience developing embedded software solutions.Strong C/C skills on RTOS and non RTOS.Experience with automotive communication protocols such as CAN, J1939.Proficient in utilizing CANalyzer and CANape.Proficient in use of debugging tools (in-circuit debugger, emulator, troubleshooting tools such as Oscilloscopes, Digital Multimeters, etc.)Worked on both Windows and Unix/Linux based development environments.Skills on Matlab/Simulink, XCP, UDS and CAN FD would be an added asset.Experience with software development version control tools such as Clearcase, Integrity.Good people interaction and teamwork skills.Strong oral and written communication skills.Required Education, Licenses or Certifications College, University, or equivalent degree in Engineering required. Compensation and Benefits Base salary rate commensurate with experience . Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Cash Balance Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, Domestic Partners Coverage and a full complement of personal and professional benefits. Cummins and E-verify At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates right to work using E-Verify. Cummins will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.  Ready to think beyond your desk? Apply for this opportunity to start your career with Cummins today. careers.cummins.com  Not ready to apply but want to learn more? Join our Talent Community to get the inside track on great jobs and confidentially connect to our recruiting team: http://connect.find.ly/cummins
Job Purpose:The Application Developer translates business requirements into commercial grade applications, then deploys and maintains those applications for use by the business.Dutes:Design, build, test, document, and implement new applications using several programming languages and developmental tools.Consistently commit all code and work products to the appropriate VITAC repositoriesSupport existing applications in use by the businessProvide peer code reviewBuild and maintain project backlogs as neededEstimate task completion dates and sprint capacity as part of the sprint planning processProvide regular updates using VITAC agile project management softwareParticipate in weekly stand up meetingsProvide implementation support to IT Production team, as neededOther duties and responsibilities as neededAvailability:Standard Shift: Greenwood Village, CO: Monday - Friday; 8:00 am - 5:00 pm MT OR Canonsburg, PA: Monday - Friday; 8:00 am - 5:00 pm ETThis position requires employee to be on-site at VITAC facility and occasionally travel form one VITAC facility to another.Skills/Qualifications: Minimum:Excellent verbal and written communication skills4 years experience developing commercial Python 3.x applications4 years experience developing commercial Ruby on Rails applications3 years experience developing with MySQL3 years experience developing with PostgreSQL2 years experience developing commercial Java 8 applications2 years experience developing commercial Java 7 applications2 years experience working within the Agile project methodologyProficiency with Debian LinuxUbuntu 14.s or beterMaintain cooperative and courteous attitude with coworkers and customers with a proactive, customer service oriented approachStrong organization skillsAbility to work with multiple departments and meet deadlines Preferred:Experience developing commercial applications with:JavaScriptjQueryjSONBootstrap FrameworkAutomated documentation platforms (jDOC, nDOC, jsDOC)Experience with Saltstack, Puppet or ChefProficiency with RHEL/CentOS LinuxProficiency with Windows Server 2012 or betterExperience working with Atlassian JIRA and BitBucket platformsEducation: Bachelor's degree in relevant field or equivalent experience
 Are you looking for the opportunity to gain real world experience while working with an innovative and industry leading organization? Would you like to help build, maintain, and enhance data warehousing and BI (business intelligence) solutions as direct enablers to a company’s business analytics and key performance insights? As a Proto Labs BI Software Development intern, you will be working on business critical initiatives that build your technical knowledge and leadership capabilities. While working alongside seasoned developers and software quality engineers, you’ll gain invaluable on-the-job experience, career development, and leadership opportunities while experiencing our team oriented, fun, and engaging culture. Tasks and Projects at Hand:Design, code, debug, and test the software you writeParticipate in problem analysis and solution development with other team membersLearn software best practices in a team based settingDevelop query methods on SQL Server databases and analysis cubes using SQL, T-SQL, SSAS DAXDeliver Modern BI analytics& report visualizations using Power BI, SSRS, Power Pivot, Excel automationsDocument data models and key artifacts in currency with corporate governance and standardsWho We Are: Proto Labs is the world's fastest manufacturer of custom prototype and low-volume parts. We revolutionized our industry by developing proprietary computing technologies and automated manufacturing processes that enable us to create"Real Parts, Really Fast." We are leading the charge in the digital manufacturing realm, which makes us an exciting place to work. Our company hires designers, engineers, developers, creative thinkers and smart people who tackle their roles with an entrepreneurial spirit. We pride ourselves on our innovative technology& laid back culture that focuses on doing meaningful work that brings transformational products to market. What We Have:An amazing team, personally and professionally, who tackles complex problems and delivers awesome resultsAn open, casual environment that gives you a lot of freedom combined with a lot of responsibilityA culture that embraces change, speed and getting things done while balancing your personal freedomWhat We’re Looking For:Someone working towards a degree in Computer Science or Software EngineeringA student on their way to being a master in: interpreting database relational/dimensional data models, entity relations& OLAP cubes; SQL/T-SQL coding; designing Modern BI dashboarding visualizationsA super star who has programming experienceSomeone comfortable working in a fast paced, changing environmentA people person with excellent communication skills, able to work well with a smart, passionate and growing teamA self-starter who has a passion for speed and getting things doneDatabases: MS SQL Server, Web Services, PostgreSQL, Azure Cloud SQL Database ServicesProgramming Languages: SQL, T-SQL, SSAS DAX, PowerShell or shell scripting, .NETModern BI Tools: Power BI, SSRS, Power Pivot, Excel pivots and automationsFamiliarity with scripting such as R, Python, JavaScript, HTML helpfulOther Useful Areas of Studies: Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science, Machine Learning, Data MiningAll Proto Labs facilities in the United States are ITAR-compliant operations. Due to ITAR regulations, Proto Labs is only able to employ U.S. Citizens, lawful permanent residents (green card holders) or foreign nationals granted refugee or asylee status. Individuals with temporary visas (e.g. E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, TN or OPT) are not eligible for hire.Proto Labs, Inc. is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer
SUMMARY Responsible to design, develop, document and deploy ASP .Net MVC applications and modules. Interact with other developers to collaborate for efficient and creative software development. Will maintain code quality, organization and automation and provide solutions to addresses contraints. Represents the Company in a positive image communicating and working with our employees, customers, and community in a safe and ethical manner to achieve financial success. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following.  · This position will be responsible to design, develop, document and deploy ASP.Net MVC applications and modules as part of the company infrastructure  · Participates in system design, innovation, and regular code review.  · Esnures the best possible performance, quality and responsiveness of applications.  · Help maintain code quality, organization and automatization.  · Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to mitigate and addresss these issues.  · Required to attend and complete all company development, safety and compliance training.  · Required to adhere to all BLS policies, procedures, DOT and OSHA safety rules and regulations.  · Strict adherence to C-TPAT best practices.  · Follows all workplace processes and standards in support of the ISO-9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015, and OHSAS 18000:2007 Quality certification programs.  · Other duties as assigned.QUALIFICATIONS  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE BS in Computer Science or equivalent3+ years of experience in C# application development3+ years of experience with ASP.Net and MVC3+ Years HTML / CSS development3+ Years jQuery, or other JavaScript library developmentExcellent analytical and communication (both verbal and written) skills.Highly proficient in SQLProficient in JavaScriptInnovative thinking and visionSolid understanding of technologyAbility to meet deadlines and be accountableMust have a strong sense of ownership, urgency and initiativeMust possess clear and concise verbal and written communication skills.Work well with others as part of a team and work under tight time constraints.Excellent analytical, troubleshooting skills, and demonstrated proficiency with problem solvingAbility to quickly learn new technologies and application functionalities
RAVEN SOFTWARE, developer of numerous award-winning games, including  contributions to the blockbuster Call of Duty franchise [Call of Duty: Online, Advanced Warfare,  Ghosts, Black Ops, Modern Warfare, Infinite Warfare, WWII], is looking for a passionate Software Engineering  Internto join our talented team as we continue to develop the best  gameplay experiences in the industry. This position will play a key role in the  technical implementation of the next-generation of first-person shooter (FPS)  gameplay. Job duties include:Develop, modify, and debug  engine C/C++ codeDeploys and tests software  on PC and Xbox One/PS4 console platformsDocument software and  features for internal and external engineering teamsCollaborate with other  internal departments (art, design, audio, animation, QA, etc.)Participates in the code  review processReports to Lead Software EngineerQualifications:Currently pursuing a  Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related fieldExperience developing software systems for personal or class projectsDemonstrated proficiency in  at least one tech-related area like graphics, networking, audio,  animation, computer architecture, etc.Strong understanding of  object-oriented programmingSolid math backgroundCreative, motivated,  focused, passionate, results-orientedGood communicator that  enjoys collaboration with other programmersPassion for gamesThe ideal candidate will also have:Experience with game or  graphics engine developmentDemonstrated ability to  write clean, readable, portable, and reliable codeA threshold of coursework in  Computer Science, Math and EngineeringStrong C/C++ experienceExperience with a scripting  language like Python, C#, Perl, ActionScript, JavaScript or LuaProficiency  working with a debugger
 Emergency Reporting is looking for software development talent as we continue to experience success and steady growth. Our open development workspace, Agile principles and value on career growth make us the best choice in your next career move.Please visit us at our website to learn more about position openings for:* UX Lead* Software Development Engineer I* Software Development Engineer IISoftware Development Engineers develop web technologies to support the global efforts of the Fire and EMS industry. We are passionate about our support of the Agile principles of software development and have embraced a scrum development methodology with strong emphasis on continuous improvement. As a Software Engineer I or II you will be working with or leading a small scrum team with a large potential for learning and growth. With your technical expertise you will manage individual projects tasks, deadlines and deliverables as you design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.
What You’ll Do Our Wireless IoT Software Development Engineer in Test will help expand our testing horizons. This position requires initiative and the ability to remain flexible and responsive in a very dynamic environment. You will be part of the IoT QA team that provides End to End System test support. We are strong champions of Quality and advocate Quality in everything we do using new methodologies and tools to create and test scalable IoT software solutions that interact with widely deployed Internet products, thereby touching an endless number of users worldwide. Be part of the Cisco Jasper IoT organization that is driving the evolution and expansion into new technology areas and market segments. This is a cutting-edge IoT Quality group involved in the development, testing and automation of cloud-based wireless software. We need additional talent just like you! Who You will Work With Highly charged IoT QA engineers that are responsible for  · End to End System Testing for IoT software solutions that interact with a wide variety of exciting internet products and mobile network  · Designing and developing Android base applications that support daily functional network validation in an E2E network.  · Designing, developing, and documenting automated tests that provide functional & interoperability level verification tests from systems specification and product requirements.  · Working with tester, engineers, and program managers in the execution, development and maintenance of scripts for test automation.  · Tracking test cases and results. Raising, prioritizing, and verifying defects and fixes.  · Pro-actively seeking to make continuously improvements to Test coverage, execution and automation. Who you Are A highly charge engineer ready to join the IoT excitement with  · 3+ years of industry experience in Automation and Quality Assurance  · BS in Computer Science, Masters or equivalent experience  · Hands-on QA experience with iOS and Android-based smartphones/tablets automation  · Expertise in programing tools and languages such as Java, HTML, Jenkins, Scripting, Python, Selenium, TestNG for automation or test script development.  · Experience in scripting with Ruby, Python, Bash, Shell AND/OR other scripting language  · Experience with Continuous Integration tools like Jenkins/Hudson  · Advance skill with web services ( SOAP, REST ), creating and validating XML, API  · Experience in database architecture and SQL queries writing and programming  · Prior experience in testing software and/or networking applications in the areas of network/system management, reporting or any other software application that manages large volumes of data and provides dashboards and reporting features.  · Very strong analytical, technical, and problem solving skills  · Excellent written & verbal communication, and organizational skills.  · Must be results oriented and have a high degree of accountability, commitment and ability to manage multiple assigned tasks including providing regular updates and communication with key project stakeholders. LI-SB2
Department: Product Engineering Reports To: Director of Product Engineering Position Summary As a C# / .NET Developer, you will be responsible for overseeing and developing application functions for a growing technology company focused on the travel industry. This includes developing and implementing hosted applications that match quality control and operational requirements ensuring that customer objectives are met.  The primary internal goal of the C#/.Net Developer is to maintain and pursue standards and systems that can be replicated to increase efficiencies and profitability, while maintaining flexibility to provide solutions for customers’ unique processing needs.  Externally, the C# / .NET Developer has an inherent responsibility to the quality and integrity in solutions we provide for end results that meet or exceed customer expectations of our contracted services and applications.  Qualified candidates should have a strong understanding of Global Distribution Systems (GDS) functionality, travel industry technical and operations knowledge, customer service principles, and excellent customer communication skills. Furthermore, travel industry “Best Practices” knowledge is desired along with proven aptitude and experience with travel industry based technology.  The ideal candidate will have a minimum of five (5+) years of technology experience in software development, demonstrated travel industry experience or relevant experience. Duties and Responsibilities:The responsibilities for the C#/.Net Developer will include but not be limited to participation in the following areas: Working in a fast-paced environment to deliver on critical business initiatives  Participate and contribute to ad-hoc development projects as they arise  Rewrite existing C/C++ system using .NET, C#, and SQL Server  Apply coding and analytical skills in all phases of the software development life cycle  Interface with third party APIs to pull real time data  Analyze existing code and designs  Maintain, debug and test applications as needed  Utilize defect and enhancement tracking software and processes  Use version control systems effectively, including an understanding of branching and merging Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Knowledge of OOP concepts & Component Design  Ability to generate specifications and related unit test plans  Excellent verbal and written communication skills  Excellent organizational, problem solving, coding, unit testing and debugging skills  Five (5) years of .NET Technologies (ASP.NET, VB.NET, C#) and SQL  Web Technologies (ASP, HTML, VBScript, JavaScript, CSS)  Ability to be a self-starter on a full life cycle development project  Relational database knowledge (SQL Server, Oracle); SQL development and T-SQL skills a plus  Familiarity with Agile and Waterfall software development methodologies  Solid understanding of web services, REST, SOAP and the HTTP  Travel technology integration experience  Ability to learn new products  Highly motivated and able to work independently  Strict attention to detail / detail oriented  Proven problem solving and research skills  Ability to work independently and accept accountability for actions  Ability to exercise good judgment and meet deadlines  Team player Preferred Credentials and Experience: Corporate Travel related experience  Experience with multiple development languages (Java, C#, JavaScript, etc.)  Experience with enterprise business solutions  Experience with scaling large databases  Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field of study  Equivalent combination of education and experience  Technology experience with at least one Global Distribution System (GDS)  To apply send resume to Cornerstone Information Systems, Systems Department, 300 West Sixth Street, Bloomington, IN 47404 or email to jobs@ciswired.com
 Job Summary  Join the team responsible for ensuring highest quality for technologies at the heart of products known to surprise and delight our customers. Our team is part of the Core OS organization and is responsible for firmware, device drivers and frameworks related to sensors, input devices and always-on coprocessors. This is a highly entrepreneurial team, always looking for innovative ways to improve status quo and solve difficult problems in new and better ways. We are looking for someone who can lead the charge on quality for one or more technology areas. Successful candidate will be capable of getting hands-on with test automation and execution while simultaneously being able to drive overall test planning and quality reporting. You will work in a fast paced environment, interacting directly with engineering teams within the organization as well as cross functional teams. The nature of the position requires the candidate to have excellent communication skills, strong technical and debugging skills, along with a drive to make a difference.  Key Qualifications: Solid UNIX OS fundamentalsExperience with Python and C programmingHighly motivated, creative, and organizedStrong verbal and written communication skillsProven ability to ramp up quickly on new and existing technologies  Description: Own overall testing and quality of the technologies for which you are responsible. Design, develop and own automated tests for new and existing technologies. Investigate and analyze issues spanning across the hardware and software interaction layers. Work closely with engineering and project management team to ensure quality releases  Education:  MS in CS / EE or equivalent experience  Additional Requirements:  Knowledge of IOKit fundamentals  Experience with developing, testing or debugging device drivers and firmware  Experience in working with Human Input Devices and/or sensors (accelerometer, gyroscope, ALS, biometric sensors etc.)  Knowledge/experience with Unix shell or other scripting languages  Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Catalant is looking for pragmatic engineers. Our team is responsible for creating and supporting a marketplace that connects over 40,000 independent experts with global businesses. We try not to overbuild: we value shipped code over perfect code. There are no ivory towers here. Easy things should be easy. Time to market is important, as is time to fix. We value honesty, teamwork and cooperation. Sound good?Based in Bostons Seaport, Catalant serves thousands of enterprise clients, including GE, Pfizer and Staples, as well as countless others on a confidential basis. Our investors include Highland Capital, Greylock Partners, and General Catalyst, three of the top Venture Capital firms out there, as well as famed investor Mark Cuban (Yup, the one from Shark Tank!). We're on a mission to build the absolute best team on the east coast, and were looking for talented, scrappy, and fun folks to get on board.Were a python shop on the Flask framework. We use docker. We do continuous deployment. We work in 4-6 person scrum teams, writing new features and customized business logic for our clients. We limit meetings, so youre focused on the stuff that matters. If you get stuck on a problem youre working on, your team is right there to help you out and get you moving again. Our brand-new office has plenty of space to explore. Feel like you need a change of perspective? Go work in our garden, or the cafe or the library.If you are a motivated developer with 1-4 years of programming background and an interest to work in a fun, fast paced environment then look no further. Catalant needs engineers like you to power this rocket ship.
PositionDescription:Our Software Application Developer is responsible for the development and support of our SAAS applications. The ideal candidate will have experience with REST, SOAP, SQL, and C#. The individual participates in all phases of the software implementation process including both package and custom development. Software development processes include requirements gathering and analysis, functional design, technical design, coding, testing, implementation, and post implementation support & maintenance. Responsibilities:Develop solutions in APEX, Visualforce, .NET, C#, SQL, and various API libraries.Integrate applications with our platform using SOAP and REST web services.Follow defined and de facto development standards.Participate in code reviews.Ensure assigned technical tasks are being delivered on time and with quality.Provide production support and all related ancillary programs.Support the entire product development lifecycle including requirements gathering and analysis, functional design, technical design, coding, testing, implementation, and post implementation support & maintenance.Analyze, design, and implement robust, maintainable solutions that meet the established business requirements utilizing creative thinking and problem-solving skills.Develop and maintain technical and project documentation.Develop unit tests and test plans in order to work with the QA team to establish quality test processes.Follow current development trends and provide recommendations for new development strategies and tools.Make suggestions to management on current and emerging technologies, on methods to reduce costs, improve performance and availability, and reduce administration time.Other development duties which may be necessary to fulfill optimum efficiency of the position.Qualifications:Desired Experience and Skills:Proficient knowledge on related technical skill sets and technologies including but not limited to REST, SOAP, SQL Server, and C#. (Javascript, HTML5, CSS, Java, APEX, Visualforce, agile development, object oriented design, and distributed version control a plus)Ability to work effectively with a variety of constituents (Architecture, Configuration Management, Quality Assurance, Business Analysts, Other Development Teams, Business Customers)Understanding of user interface design and user experienceWorking knowledge of effective problem solving and identifying innovative solutionsProficient analytical skills, including the ability to evaluate existing or proposed new solutions for potential flaws or improvement opportunities – including alignment to departmental goals and standardsWorking ability to navigate complex environments and work with interdisciplinary teams and effectively communicate priorities, deliver expectations, risks and concerns to managementDemonstrate solutions development ability, including innovative thinking, creative problem solving, and the ability to execute quickly while maintaining high quality expectationsProficient written and verbal communication skills in English, including the ability to explain complex ideas to others with varying levels of expertise throughout the organization and with potential business partnersProficient organizational skills, with the ability to handle multiple, overlapping, and potentially conflicting prioritiesProficient ability to remain highly effective under stress and respond to pressure in a manner acceptable to others and to the organizationProficient knowledge of services design patterns, principles, and practicesProficient experience working with developing and supporting scalable services technologies with strict SLAs and high throughputBachelor’s degree from an accredited program in Computer Science, Computer Science Engineering or related academic discipline requiredAt least 3 to 5 years of experience in REST, SOAP, SQL, and C#
Enjoy what you do while contributing to a company that makes a difference in people’s lives. CHG Healthcare is one of the largest providers of healthcare staffing in the country. Through our trusted brands – CompHealth, Weatherby Healthcare, RNnetwork, Foundation Medical Staffing and Global Medical Staffing – we provide temporary and permanent placement of healthcare providers all over the country. We touch the lives of millions of patients every year. When your day-to-day routine contributes to this important work, it’s easy to get excited about what you do!CHG HealthCare is a leader in the HealthCare Staffing Industry. We are looking for dedicated senior software engineers who want to work for one of “Utah’s Most Admired Companies”. This position is responsible for developing and maintaining software programs using a variety of technologies including Java and Salesforce.com while adding to a culture of putting people first, growth, continuous improvement, integrity, ethics, quality and professionalism.How You’ll Contribute:Develop software that ensures a high level of performance for all business use-case outliers, including web page performance, SQL performance, memory optimizations, etcHeavy involvement in the requirements gathering, development and operation stages of new projectsTroubleshoot and debug related software defects with existing and new applicationsContribute to and maintain development documentationEnsure all designs comply with architecture standards, guidelines and meet the necessary governance and compliance.A strong focus on highly scalable applicationsResponsible for ensuring the entire team is developing applications based on predefined best practicesResearch emerging development technologies establishing new standards and evolve existing standardsEnsure the success and growth of the team by mentoring and coaching junior peers while striving to share your knowledge with senior peersWork in an agile environmentMaintain and improve existing applicationsStrong desire to learn our full technology stackResponsible for responding to application outagesCapable of working with a team of developers ensuring the team delivers a quality projectPerform code reviews with others on the team while taking joint responsibility for proper architecture, design and quality of other's projectsBe honest and trustworthy at all times. Work hard to ensure transparency and honesty in all interactionsConstantly seek opportunities to improve the way we collaborate. Actively seek ways to improve processes. Welcome feedback and respond in a positive wayMake decisions with the best interests of the team in mind. Participate and share points of views and opinions in an open, honest and respectful manner. Recognize and celebrate the success of co-workers and the teamWhat You’ll Bring:5+ years’ experience developing softwareProficiency in Java and related frameworks such as Hibernate, Spring, SpringBootExperience in a JavaScript technology such as Node.js, React, Vue.jsExperience architecting and implementing RESTful web service solutionsExperience with microservices a plusExperience in Salesforce.com a plusWhat We Offer:Competitive salary + bonusComprehensive training—we rank No. 3 among the world’s top training organizationsMedical, dental, vision, and 401(k) matchingGenerous paid time off and holidaysRetirement planning and savings optionsTuition assistanceOn-site health centerOn-site gymAbility to make an impact in the communities we serveAt CHG, we foster an environment where our people feel free to be themselves. Our core values—Putting People First, Growth, Continuous Improvement, Quality and Professionalism, and Integrity and Ethics—guide us daily to work hard and enjoy what we do! We’re committed to growing our company and are always looking to promote from within. This is an ideal time to join our team.We are an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity EmployerMinorities/Women/Veterans/DisabledWe are an at-will employer
Position Summary The SaaS team is looking for a leader to help drive Neptune’s platform development. Neptune’s platform is the foundation for our commercial software offering and is composed of services to manage our customers' operations to include compute, network and storage resources. These services are used by end users for access to IOT data, specifically Neptune’s world class water meters.  We provide autonomy for the development leaders, to hire and coach engineers to collectively solve problems. You will get all the support from leadership and your peers to succeed in this journey.  We take our culture of execution seriously. We challenge status quo and welcome thinking that is not typical.  We develop solutions that scale and you need to be in the driver seat and work through any challenges and solve problems. The aspects of"why" and"what" are well defined and the"how" is accomplished by the team.  Our most valued partner is our customer. This is part of our DNA. You are responsible for making them successful when they use our services.  As a leader, you will need to build a diverse and open culture that embraces debate, makes decisions and collectively work and deliver to our customers.  We are a data driven company. Data is our mirror and we measure everything we build and work hard to ensure what we measure makes our customers happy.  The team size will be 5-7 engineers with varied levels of experience (new college grads to extremely accomplished senior technical individual contributors). ResponsibilitiesDemonstrates knowledge of cloud architecture and implementation features (i.e. OS, multi-tenancy, virtualization, orchestration, and elastic scalability).Acts as subject matter expert to the organization when migrating existing customers' data to AWS cloud as part of Neptune’s Cloud First direction.Maintains overall industry knowledge on latest trends and technology.Develops full stack solutions and evaluates architectural alternatives for private, public, and hybrid cloud models, including SaaS, IaaS, PaaS, and other cloud services.Defines optimal design patterns and solutions for high availability and disaster recovery for applications.Researches, operationalizes, and trains others in the use of cloud technologies and best practices.Ensures delivered solutions meets/performs to technical and functional/non-functional requirements.Provides technical expertise and ownership in the diagnosis and resolution of an issue, including the determination and provision of workaround solution or escalation to business owners.Ensures delivered solutions are realized in the time frame committed and works in conjunction with project sponsors to size and manages the scope and risk.Effectively manages team to achieve results by providing appropriate direction, timely developmental feedback and coaching, and conducting performance reviews and conversations.Provides coaching and direction to the team that drives action and enables achievement of performance and operational goals.Experience7-10 years of experience in developing code, testing, and deploying it in production.At least 3 years of experience in managing teams in building platforms and delivering them7+ years creating data models, schema design, and schema development7+ years T-SQL coding; including stored procedures, views, and triggers7+ years optimizing SQL performance, work with database partitioning, compression and indexing7+ years implementing operational automation and monitoring using scripts and SQL jobsPlan, prepare, test and perform database patches and upgradesExperience with AWS Redshift, AWS EMR or AWS Datapipeline.Experience with one or more programming languages (i.e. C# or Java).Exposure to multiple, diverse technologies and processing environments.Knowledge of all components of a technical architecture.Strong understanding of network architecture.Demonstrates leadership ability to back decisions with research and the“why”. Articulate several options, the pros and cons for each, and a recommendation.Demonstrates forward thinking around where the organization is going and how technology can support these efforts.A‘can-do’ attitude to meet challenges; energized by change and thriving in team-based work.Excellent verbal, written, interpersonal, and customer service skills and ability to establish good working relationship with a wide range of people.Project and time management skills, with the ability to manage completing priorities.Demonstrable experience in solving problems in the areas of distributed systems at scale preferably at Systems level (Application level experience with systems orientation is also welcome).  Experience working in a diverse team and accomplishing goals with cross team collaboration.Experience working in the public clouds is a plus but not required.Experience as a team lead.EducationA Bachelor or higher degree in Computer Science or related field. A lack of degree can be supported by an accomplished career in building software systems at scale.Location: Duluth, GA
Position Summary The SaaS team is looking for a leader to help drive Neptune’s platform development. Neptune’s platform is the foundation for our commercial software offering and is composed of services to manage our customers' operations to include compute, network and storage resources. These services are used by end users for access to IOT data, specifically Neptune’s world class water meters.  We provide autonomy for the development leaders, to hire and coach engineers to collectively solve problems. You will get all the support from leadership and your peers to succeed in this journey.  We take our culture of execution seriously. We challenge status quo and welcome thinking that is not typical.  We develop solutions that scale and you need to be in the driver seat and work through any challenges and solve problems. The aspects of"why" and"what" are well defined and the"how" is accomplished by the team.  Our most valued partner is our customer. This is part of our DNA. You are responsible for making them successful when they use our services.  As a leader, you will need to build a diverse and open culture that embraces debate, makes decisions and collectively work and deliver to our customers.  We are a data driven company. Data is our mirror and we measure everything we build and work hard to ensure what we measure makes our customers happy.  The team size will be 5-7 engineers with varied levels of experience (new college grads to extremely accomplished senior technical individual contributors). ResponsibilitiesDemonstrates knowledge of cloud architecture and implementation features (i.e. OS, multi-tenancy, virtualization, orchestration, and elastic scalability).Acts as subject matter expert to the organization when migrating existing customers' data to AWS cloud as part of Neptune’s Cloud First direction.Maintains overall industry knowledge on latest trends and technology.Develops full stack solutions and evaluates architectural alternatives for private, public, and hybrid cloud models, including SaaS, IaaS, PaaS, and other cloud services.Defines optimal design patterns and solutions for high availability and disaster recovery for applications.Researches, operationalizes, and trains others in the use of cloud technologies and best practices.Ensures delivered solutions meets/performs to technical and functional/non-functional requirements.Provides technical expertise and ownership in the diagnosis and resolution of an issue, including the determination and provision of workaround solution or escalation to business owners.Ensures delivered solutions are realized in the time frame committed and works in conjunction with project sponsors to size and manages the scope and risk.Effectively manages team to achieve results by providing appropriate direction, timely developmental feedback and coaching, and conducting performance reviews and conversations.Provides coaching and direction to the team that drives action and enables achievement of performance and operational goals.Experience7-10 years of experience in developing code, testing, and deploying it in production.At least 3 years of experience in managing teams in building platforms and delivering them7+ years creating data models, schema design, and schema development7+ years T-SQL coding; including stored procedures, views, and triggers7+ years optimizing SQL performance, work with database partitioning, compression and indexing7+ years implementing operational automation and monitoring using scripts and SQL jobsPlan, prepare, test and perform database patches and upgradesExperience with AWS Redshift, AWS EMR or AWS Datapipeline.Experience with one or more programming languages (i.e. C# or Java).Exposure to multiple, diverse technologies and processing environments.Knowledge of all components of a technical architecture.Strong understanding of network architecture.Demonstrates leadership ability to back decisions with research and the“why”. Articulate several options, the pros and cons for each, and a recommendation.Demonstrates forward thinking around where the organization is going and how technology can support these efforts.A‘can-do’ attitude to meet challenges; energized by change and thriving in team-based work.Excellent verbal, written, interpersonal, and customer service skills and ability to establish good working relationship with a wide range of people.Project and time management skills, with the ability to manage completing priorities.Demonstrable experience in solving problems in the areas of distributed systems at scale preferably at Systems level (Application level experience with systems orientation is also welcome).  Experience working in a diverse team and accomplishing goals with cross team collaboration.Experience working in the public clouds is a plus but not required.Experience as a team lead.EducationA Bachelor or higher degree in Computer Science or related field. A lack of degree can be supported by an accomplished career in building software systems at scale.Location: Duluth, GA
 As a Software Engineer on the Automation team, you will be responsible for contributing to the Automation framework used in testing the Sonos Players. This will require collaboration with your partners the Player Test Teams to understand areas of improvement for the framework and to develop a big picture view of how the projects in the Automation team benefit the other test teams. This will include giving guidance to other teams on best coding practices and good automation strategies. If you love music, solving challenging problems and delivering high-quality products, we want to talk with you!* Contribute to the Sonos test architecture infrastructure, design and test methodologies Design, develop, and expand on our test automation framework and research emerging automation technologiesSet up test environments and infrastructureInvestigate, log, track, and triage bugs to determine root cause and establish prioritizationCollaborate well both within the team and among other teams who use the automation framework we develop.Contribute to the design and development of automation frameworks and testing processesStrong coding fundamentals (data-structures, algorithms, design patterns, etc.) as well as specific experience in Python, Java or C/C++ in a Linux environmentProven ability to utilize SCM and CI tools (Perforce, Git, SVN, Jenkins, etc.)Solid communication, interpersonal and leadership skills as well as experience working in dynamic and collaborative work environments* BS/BA in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related experienceExperience programming in the Linux environmentAt least 2 years of automation testing including working experience with unit test automation frameworks.Familiarity with continuous integration systems, preferably JenkinsExperience programming with one or more of the following languages: Python, Java or C/C++Excellent verbal and written communications skillsDesired:Experience working in a Scrum/Agile environment, preferred but not requiredExperience with (or interest in) working on a framework/tools team, preferred but not required
 Location: Madison,Wisconsin,United StatesPerBlue is looking for a passionate Software Developer to join our team of experienced engineers and game designers. We’re a quickly growing independent studio whose free-to-play mobile games have been played by millions people around the world, and we have been named a Top Developer by Google.  You’ll work side-by-side with a cross-functional team working on large distributed server systems, network stacks, game mechanics, artificial intelligence, client side development, and user interface implementations. Get an inside look at what it's like to be a Developer with PerBlue here.Responsibilities As a Software Developer in a Front-End or Engine role, you’ll be working with our front-end rendering engines and implementing UI of our mobile games. You’ll push the limits of mobile technologies to achieve top-notch graphics at optimal performance, and create a pixel perfect user experience. You will play a key role in integrating and bringing to life high quality art assets that are on the leading edge of the industry, and ensure that we come to market with the best possible graphic quality. Requirements and QualificationsStrong Java programming backgroundA passion for all things programming with amazing technical skillsDesire and willingness to learn new technology and toolsBe results-oriented and able to thrive in a fast-paced environmentA focus on product and an eye for qualityProactive and able to take ownership of tasks and projectsOther Preferred Skills and ExperienceMobile development experience (Android, iOS/Objective-C)Strong C# programming backgroundFamiliar with Unity, LibGDX, and/or SPINE animation frameworkAn interest and passion for gamingAbility to effectively communicate with team-members and managementPrior experience at a game studio (mobile, console, or PC)Previously shipped a mobile appCompensation and Benefits We offer 6+ weeks of paid vacation and health, dental, and vision insurance as well as a well-matched 401k. We have a catered lunch program, a snack-stocked kitchen, and a refrigerator full of liquid refreshments. You'll get membership to our local hackerspace Sector67 and enjoy our regular socials. You'll be part of an energetic and collaborative environment, and work with a great team. We have flexible hours and are located in a vibrant neighborhood in beautiful downtown Madison.  PerBlue is an independent game development studio based in Madison, WI with a highly skilled team of amazingly talented people. We’ve been named a “Top Developer” by Google, a “Best Place to Work” by Madison Magazine, and “Madison's Favorite Tech Startup” by the Isthmus. This is a full time position based in Madison, WI. Compensation is competitive and based on experience. Apply to this job
 This is a full stack software engineering position responsible for developing new and existing frontend and backend cloud software to be utilized with CTS kiosks across multiple clients.Education/Experience Requirements:Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in MIS, Computer Science or related fieldMinimum 3 years of experience in web and software developmentSoftware Engineer Job Responsibilities:Creating software requirement specificationsSoftware and relational database designSoftware development, testing, and implementationOngoing support and maintenance of implemented softwareAssisting in the support and maintenance of our network infrastructureSkills and Competencies Requirements:Demonstrated knowledge of various technologies, such as:  Angular (4.0) Java o CSS, SASS, LESS Spring Framework: Boot, Data, MVC Relational Database knowledge, SQL and ORM (JPA, Hibernate) AWS Cloud Experience o UnixEssential Competencies:Strong Communication Analytical/Detail Oriented Assertiveness Decision Making Customer Focus Positivity CollaborativePosition includes excellent benefits package such as:Medical-vision/dental and life insurance plans401(k) planPaid HolidaysPersonal Paid Time Off
Company Information Solid reputation, passionate people and endless opportunities. That's Travelers. Our superior financial strength and consistent record of strong operating returns mean security for our customers - and opportunities for our employees. You will find Travelers to be full of energy and a workplace in which you truly can make a difference. Job Summary Claim Technology is seeking a full stack developer for our Core Claim Development System Team.  As a member of this team you'll be responsible for shaping new experiences for our customers. If you pride yourself as a quick learner, are comfortable with ambiguity, have a passion for learning & applying new technologies, enjoy working in a fast paced agile environment, prefer building products over working on projects, and believe quality is the only option then we have a spot for you.  We are currently building out capabilities to transform the way we handle our Claims and your experience with web technologies will help drive our success. Our business partners are pondering a number of exciting opportunities where technology can be applied to build next generation solutions that exceed customer expectations.  This is a versatile position and your experience, proven track record learning and applying new technologies that solve emerging business challenges in new and creative ways is critical to our success. Marketing Description We are currently building out capabilities to transform the way we handle our Claims and your experience with web technologies will help drive our success. Our business partners are pondering a number of exciting opportunities where technology can be applied to build next generation solutions that exceed customer expectations. Primary Job Duties & ResponsibilitiesDesign, test, develop, deploy, maintain and improve software assetsManage priorities, deadlines and deliverablesMentor less experienced developersMinimum Qualifications High School diploma or equivalent required. 3 years of programming/development experience required. Education, Work Experience & KnowledgeBA/BS in Computer Science or related field or equivalent practical experience4+ years of relevant hands-on software development experienceA solid understanding of current technology capabilities and a keen interest in staying abreast of emerging technology trends and opportunitiesExperienced in Test Driven Development MethodologiesOutstanding written and verbal communication skillsSelf-motivated to explore new technologies, applications and environmentsExcellent attention to detailSelf-starter, highly motivated, active team-playerExcellent collaborative skillsJob Specific & Technical Skills & Competencies.C#ASP.Net 4.0+MVCBasic CSS skillsVB.NETWeb APIsStrong JavaScript SkillsKnowledge of JavaScript libraries & frameworksRESTTDD/Automated Unit TestingWCF / SOAPApplication DesignLicensing or Certificates Depends on the specific role but some examples may include: ITIL Remedy Java certification Microsoft certification.net Kanban/Agile/SAFe Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Travelers is an equal opportunity employer.

Yelp's software engineers do everything from redesigning our homepage to building the latest distributed messaging infrastructure, and we're growing our team! We are hiring students pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's or Doctorate degree. We are an agile team that creates an amazing experience for millions of Yelpers and business owners. We are passionate engineers, sure, but we are also fire spinners, roller girls, pilots, bakers, cartwheelers, and makers (of burrito bombers and 3D-printed trophies). Join our world-class team and be one of the personalities that make the Yelp culture awesome. We have a variety of positions available on our team, so check out the descriptions below and let us know what you would want to work on!Backend Engineer Description: Yelp is the richest source of local business data and user-generated content in the world, and our backend engineers use that data to power our websites and mobile apps. As a backend engineer you’ll be working closely with mobile and web application developers to bring our 100M+ reviews to millions of users all around the world and to ensure that data is stored, transported, and crunched effectively.What You Will Do: Make a huge impact on our users looking for the best local businesses; Build products for business owners to get the most out of Yelp; Tackle some of the most challenging problems in distributed computing, API design, and real time data processing.What We Are Looking For: Experience with and interest in elegant API designs; Expertise in your favorite modern programming language: Python, Ruby, Java, Objective-C, or C++.Data-Mining Engineer Description: Our Search & Data-Mining, Ads, and Trust & Safety teams see 100+ million Yelp reviews and millions of monthly unique users as one giant playground for data-mining. They banter about Bandits, know their way down a Gradient, and aren’t too Naïve to kick back in our Bay(es) Area offices. We love new ideas and collaboration: don’t come here with any Prior prejudices or you will Maximize your Likelihood of getting your Posterior kicked. Our teams eat data for breakfast, chew it up, and spit out useful products. Saddle up and get on board!What You Will Do: Work with the team to come up with creative ideas for new products and signals, then carry those ideas all the way to launch; Explore data to measure the impact of your changes and come up with ideas for how to maximize that impact; Work closely with infrastructure engineers to make sure that your algorithms will effectively scale to large datasets and to ensure that their systems provide the flexibility needed for your ideas.What We Are Looking For: Passion for big data and creative ideas for what to do with it; Experience with the algorithms and data structures to make your ideas workable; Understanding of machine learning and information retrieval; Expertise in your favorite modern programming language: Python, Ruby, Java, Objective-C, or C++.Full Stack Engineer Description: Our full stack engineers bridge the gap between backend data and the frontend websites of Yelp. Their goal is to provide the best user experience to millions of users and they’re excited to dive into any area of the web stack to make it happen.What You Will Do: Design and build new features to connect Yelp with large scale businesses; Implement beautiful layouts that work across all of Yelp’s platforms (desktop, mobile browsers, and mobile apps); Deploy projects in a Service-Oriented Architecture, all the way from backend services to fully-featured UIs; Run A/B experiments and dive into the resulting data to look for trends; Collaborate closely with product managers, designers, and other engineering teams.What We Are Looking For: Experience with at least one popular server side MVC Framework (Django, Twisted, Rails, Pyramid, Codeigniter, Play, etc.); Knowledge of JavaScript, HTML and CSS/Sass.Mobile Developer Description: No service is better suited for mobile than Yelp. When amazing local content meets location-aware devices that go everywhere with us, Yelp connects you with that great local business right around the corner, lets you instantly share that experience to help the next person discover it, and allows business owners to keep business humming along while on the move.What You Will Do: Build new features in Yelp's multiple apps to connect consumers and business owners; Improve and iterate on existing functionality to reliably give our users a smooth experience; Insist on a consistent and responsive user experience; Be a key part of the larger mobile developer community at Yelp.What We Are Looking For: Expertise in Objective-C, Java or other mobile languages; Eager to embrace challenges with scalability, reliability, and performance.Infrastructure Engineer Description: Yelp’s Infrastructure teams design, implement, and maintain scalable software architectures that are at the heart of our technology. We do everything from building performance monitoring tools, to developing libraries, to creating speedy and reliable infrastructure that’s easy to use for our relevance/machine learning developers.What You Will Do: Support and improve our tools for continuous build, automated testing, source control, and release management; Design, build, and deploy software systems that run 24/7 at increasing scale; Analyze metrics and code to discover performance regressions and opportunities for optimization, then work with teams across the organization to speed things up.What We Are Looking For: Solid foundation in data structures, algorithms and complexity analysis; A hunger for tracking down root causes -- no matter how deep it takes you -- and fixing them in systematic ways; Strong understanding of operating systems, file systems and networking; Strong understanding of web technology; Expertise in your favorite modern programming language: Python, Ruby, Java, Objective-C, or C++.Security Engineer Description: Yelp Security works to keeps our users, employees, and their data safe. The systems we build prevent and detect security vulnerabilities across Yelp’s infrastructure - from our production infrastructure, to mobile apps, to our corporate systems. The Security team partners with all other engineering teams to develop new features in a safe and secure way.What You Will Do: Build systems that monitor, detect, and alert on anomalies and bad behavior on Yelp’s production and corporate systems; Partner with all other engineering and product teams to help develop new features securely while protecting our users’ privacy and data.What We Are Looking For: Enthusiasm for finding exploits and vulnerabilities in any internet-connected system; Expertise in your favorite modern programming language: Python, Ruby, Java, Objective-C, or C++.
Software Engineer Smith & Associates knows electronic components inside and out. As the industry leader in electronic components and supply chain management, we are looking for bright, energetic, and talented people to join our expert international team. We have a dynamic, entrepreneurial culture where individual contributions are expected and valued.  As a Software Developer, you will be building applications and deliver innovative solution using modern technologies. The Application Development team develops and maintains a wide spectrum of applications to support company’s day-to-day business. Required SkillsDay-to-day Responsibilities:Develop web applications (front-end and back-end) with focus on usability and scalability based on business requirementsProduction support and trouble-shooting for existing applicationsWork with senior developers in solving new and existing technical issuesPerform maintenance and development of existing web applications in a multi-tier architecture.Build robust, reusable and highly maintainable web services.Working with business analysts, functional users and interacting with other developers to translate business requirements into technical ideas and ensure that code functionality meets requirementsRequired ExperienceRequirementsBachelor or Master degree in Computer Science or similar engineering field0-3 years of development experience with strong recent experience in web applicationsNeed to know Java well and solid understanding in Object-Oriented design principlesSolid experience with OO driven development and frameworks, JavaScript frameworks such as AngularJS(1 or 2) are highly desiredSolid experience in HTML, Javascript, CSS and front-end technologiesRelational Database knowledge and experienceRESTful API design and implementation experienceExcellent debugging and problem-solving skills.Experience as a SQL developer on relational database, such as Oracle or SQLBe willing to help your teammates, share your knowledge, and learn from them. Be open to receiving feedback. Pluses Responsive UI/UX design, web design or Mobile App development experienceHands-on experience with Node.js, MongoDB, GruntLinux scripting skills
 WP Engine powers a managed cloud platform custom-built for WordPress. Our infrastructure consists of thousands of servers running on multiple public cloud providers that host over 500,000 customer web sites and serve 4 billion requests from 241 countries every day.  WHAT IS COOL ABOUT THIS JOBFounded in Austin, Texas by well-known serial entrepreneur Jason Cohen (@asmartbear), WP Engine has maintained its scrappy startup roots while experiencing explosive growth. This growth provides many opportunities for engineers at WP Engine to solve hard problems at scale, yet we are still small enough for your contributions to have a noticeable impact on the company’s future.  We are searching for experienced software engineers to join our rapidly expanding R&D team to help build our next generation architecture, create new tools for developers using our platform, and provide intelligent insights to our 70,000+ customers in 130+ countries. Python, Go, Kubernetes, Docker, and Ansible are some of the technologies that you’ll work with, and experience in these domains is desired. But we are also happy to help you learn our stack as long as you have a history of mastering other languages and technologies quickly. We hire for talent and potential, we want smart people to help invent the future of web hosting.  We see our culture as a competitive advantage and believe that it is important to hire the best and ensure that we provide an environment where the best get better. If you are smart, great at solving problems, a hard worker, and an outstanding teammate, you may be the engineer that we are looking for.THE DAY TO DAY Write, test, integrate, debug, and troubleshoot software applications that are resilient, robust, and perform at scaleContinuously improve WP Engine’s secure, performant software platform that supports 10’s of millions of end usersWrite clean, maintainable codeImprove test coverage and build deployment pipelines to safely and rapidly push new code to productionWork closely with Product Management to ensure that your frequent, incremental code changes provide value to our customersWe are fanatical about automation because we invest for the future. You will be expected to constantly look for opportunities to help automate and optimizeBe a great teammate to the other members of your scrum teamYOUR EXPERTISE AND PASSION2-5 years of writing high quality, maintainable, deployable, testable, and highly usable software applications (in any language, Python/Go preferred)Demonstrated history of continuous learning and ability to stay current with technology trendsNatural problem solving abilities, an inquisitive personality, and an eagerness to tackle the challenge of big problemsExcellent written and oral communication skillsYou are passionate about working alongside customers to determine what solution best fits their needsDesired Skills:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or a related field) OR equivalent experienceExperience working with complex, large-scale public cloud deployments hosted across international data centersExperience solving problems with multi-tenancy and distributed systems at scale in the cloudTHE PERKS & BENEFITSCompensation (We offer market competitive salaries)Stock Options (Every employee is an owner in the company)Health Benefits (100% Paid Employee Medical, Dental, and Vision)401(k) (Make the most of retirement)Life and Disability Insurance (100% Paid Life, STD, LTD, and AD&D)Generous Vacation Time (Who doesn’t like time off?)Transportation (24x7 Downtown parking or commuter reimbursement)Lunch (Provided Monday – Thursday)Gym membership discount
 Requisition Number 18-0004 Post Date 1/4/2018 Title Software Engineer City Cincinnati State OH Description Company Profile  The David J. Joseph Company (DJJ), founded in 1885, is a world leader in scrap metal recycling & trading. With over 70 locations, the Joseph Company is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nucor Corporation (NUE) a Fortune 200  Company. DJJ has a well-earned reputation for safety, integrity and innovation. We are recognized as a good community citizen who is trustworthy, financially strong and environmentally proactive.  DJJ has an exciting opportunity as a Software Engineer for our Downtown Cincinnati Office.  Position Overview Develops routine to moderately complex proprietary software programming applications from concept to deployment by gathering and evaluating requirements, defining business information requirements, designing the solution, building the code, and testing to  meet or exceed quality standards using established process methodologies and tools.  a. Supports implements and/or installs software applications / operating systems. b. Participates in the testing process through test review and analysis, test witnessing and certification of  software. Debugs applications as problems are identified.  c. Makes recommendations for business process improvements with an understanding of technical problems and solutions as they relate to the technology needs. Collaborates with Project Managers / Business Analysts and end-users to define and document requirements using established processes and tools and given scope constraints.Translates requirements to design, architect and document systems, and write code that is stable, reusable, scalable and simple.Proactively monitors, maintains and enhances existing systems to increase functionality, optimize performance, keep pace with changing business needs and reflect technology advancements.Participates in the development of software user manuals.Develops and maintains knowledge of customer's business by learning through a mix of project work, partnering with business users, and seeking out learning opportunities. a. Resolves internal customer’s complaints and responds to suggestions for improvements  and enhancements. b. Works with technical staff to understand routine to moderately complex problems with software and develops specifications to resolve them. Solves routine to moderately complex business needs with initiative, sound judgment, strong technical skill, attention to detail, and exceptional customer service. May participate in indoctrinating interns and / or new employees.Performs other duties as assigned.QualificationsBachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Business or related discipline. Equivalent combination of experience and education will also be considered.Minimum 2 – 5 years related experience in designing, coding, testing, debugging, documenting, maintaining and deploying web-based, multi-tiered business software solutions. a. Experience designing, developing and optimizing MS SQL databases.  b. Strong debugging, troubleshooting and analytical skills. c. Minimum 1 year experience in the following technologies: C#, ASP.NET, MS SQL, HTML, JavaScript, CSS. d. Additional desired skills: MySQL, Linux, Oracle, TFS, jQuery, HTML5, IIS 6/7, iOS development. Ability to perform moderately complex requirements development, coverage analysis, impact analysis and modification. Ability to lead requirements effort on routine to moderately complex projects.Demonstrates working knowledge, practical skills and the ability to perform work under moderate supervision. Must be detail-oriented with the ability to manage multiple assignments effectively.Requires effective communication skills to convey status, ideas and concepts in a team environment.Requires a professional demeanor with a high degree of flexibility, responsiveness and self-direction.Non-routine issues are often discussed with / referred to more experienced staff.Work is typically focused on short-term objectives (6 months or less) and reviewed frequently for assessment and direction.Minimal travel required.Benefits We offer a competitive compensation & benefits package to include: Medical, Dental, Life, Disability, Vacation, Paid Holidays, Bonus Potential & 401k match among other great benefits. If you are ready to grow with a successful company, please apply online.  DJJ is a drug-free workplace and conducts pre-employment testing as a condition of employment.  DJJ is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you’d like more  information on your EEO rights under the law, please  click here. EJN djjglassdoor We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP  here. 

HP is developing exciting new applications to support and extend our leading presence in the world-wide Printing and PC marketplaces.We are looking for creative developers to works across the breadth of HPs businesses to produce inspired demo applications which will be used to explore new experiences and markets with dynamic Proof of Concept apps.Your work will pursue emerging business needs by skillfully blending HPs internal APIs, external APIs, proprietary Machine Learning and Computer Vision code, and open source code from different domains.Your work will be shared internally at HP, and with key external partners. Customer feedback will be used to drive iterations of the apps, and to further refine APIs. The apps will be well-documented and presented in ways to encourage larger learning and adoption of the key concepts and use cases.The ideal candidate has both a willingness and desire to work in a dynamic environment, is able to apply Agile methodologies in his/her day-to-day activities, and is a self-motivated developer who mentors and shares knowledge, promoting the leading edge of new ideas. If you are passionate about technology and want to be part of the next great thing, then we have a job for you.Qualifications "HP may not sponsor individuals for immigration benefits in this position"Bachelor's, Master's or PhD degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or similar technology, or equivalent depth of professional experience, and have the following qualifications:Demonstrated ability to develop apps using high-level programming languages (e.g., Java, Ruby on Rails, Scala, Swift, Objective C, C/C++, Javascript, Python)Demonstrated in-depth technical knowledge of software testing and troubleshooting.Demonstrated ability to represent and explain customers needs and perceptions at a business team level.Ability to work in a paired development, Agile environmentDemonstrated ability to work independently to achieve desired results from general objectives.Excellent English communication skills: listening, speaking, writing and presenting. Able to express thoughts and promote concepts to a variety of people with different skill levels.Strong initiative and willingness to learn.Excellent teamwork and interpersonal skillsAptitude to engage in an objective debate with peers on a periodic basis with regards to the direction of projects and be able to redirect project goals to best utilize his/her time.Good deductive reasoning and receptive of constructive feedback.
 Pocket Gems wants to build the greatest games and interactive entertainment in the world. Thats the mission our founders began with in an apartment above a pizza shop back in 2009 and we continue it today.  Pocket Gems has grown to over 250 people in San Francisco. With $155 million in backing from Sequoia Capital and Tencent, were constantly breaking new ground with graphically rich mobile games, fun new genres of mobile entertainment, and innovative technologies like our mobile-first Mantis Engine.  Our products have been downloaded over 325 million times by players around the world. Most recently, weve launched Episode, a mobile storytelling network and platform, and War Dragons, a visually stunning 3D real-time strategy game.  As a Software Engineer at Pocket Gems, you will develop and code innovative features using groundbreaking technologies while making world class games. Help us continue to be leaders in mobile entertainment, while being able to show your family and friends the games you make! What Youll Do:Collaborate closely in small, nimble, cross-functional teams with product managers, artists and designers to define our next generation of gamesControl, manage and analyze big data flows, allowing us to fully leverage our massive data streamsParticipate in all aspects of the project life-cycle, from ideation to specification to releaseDesign and implement scalable, reliable, and maintainable technologies for our iOS and Android gaming platformsWhat You Bring to the Engineering Team:BA, BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science or related technical disciplineSolid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, software design, and OOPNote: Prior mobile/gaming experience is NOT requiredExtra Gems for:Programming experience in one or more of the following: C/C++, Objective-C, Java, Python, JavaScript, Mobile Software Development (iOS, Android)You love games and mobile entertainment!Pocket Gems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 What You Will DoThis position will be filled at either a Software Developer 1 or 2 level, depending on the skills of the selected candidate. Additional job responsibilities (outlined below) will be assigned if the candidate is hired at the higher level. The selected candidate will report to the SAE-2 Team Leader and perform job requirements as described below and as assigned by the SAE-2 Management. Software Developer 1 Responsibilities($60,400 - $95,900)  The selected candidates will work as an Oracle Applications Developer in the Software Applications and Engineering group (SAE-2) supporting the development and maintenance of HRMS, Procurement, Financial, Inventory and Environment, Safety, Health applications systems and infrastructure components. Incumbent will be responsible for: Work as a team member with direction from the SAE-2 managementHelp design, modify, and test enhancements to applications supported by SAE-2 Software Developer 2 Responsibilities($72,500 - $118,200)  In addition to the duties outlined above, the Software Developer 2 will be required to: Work as a team member and independently with direction from the SAE-2 managementDesign, modify and test enhancements to applications supported by SAE-2Provide software development support on Commercial of the shelf (COTS) applications What You Need  Minimum Job Requirements:  Software Developer 1 Requirements Knowledge designing, developing, modifying, testing, debugging software to meet customer requirementsExperience using Oracle DatabasesExperience writing SQL Queries, PL/SQL packagesExperience with software configuration management; software quality assurance methodologies Software Developer 2 Requirements  In addition to the requirements outlined above, the Software Developer 2 will need: Knowledge of secure coding practicesKnowledge of how to analyze and define business requirements and preparing technical designsExperience designing, developing, modifying, testing, debugging and evaluating software to meet customer requirementsExperience using Oracle DatabasesExperience writing SQL Queries, PL/SQL packagesExperience working with XML files Desired Skills: Software Developer 1Experience using Oracle DB 12cExperience developing application using Oracle APEXExperience using a Software Version Control SystemExperience using and or developing Web Services Software Developer 2  In addition to the desired skills above: Experience using a Software Version Control SystemExperience developing and enhancing Mobile applicationsExperience using and or developing Web ServicesExperience developing and enhancing Oracle EBS modules Education: Software Developer1 Position typically requires a bachelor’s degree and a minimum of two years related experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  Software Developer 2  Position typically requires a bachelor’s degree and a minimum of five years related experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  Additional Details:  Clearance: Q (Position will be cleared to this level). Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements* for access to classified matter.  *Eligibility requirements: To obtain a clearance, an individual must be at least 18 years of age; U.S. citizenship is required except in very limited circumstances. See DOE Order 472.2 for additional information.  New-Employment Drug Test: The Laboratory requires successful applicants to complete a new-employment drug test and maintains a substance abuse policy that includes random drug testing  Regular position:Term status Laboratory employees applying for regular-status positions are converted to regular status.  Equal Opportunity:Los Alamos National Laboratory is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. All employment practices are based on qualification and merit, without regards to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or preference, marital status or spousal affiliation, physical or mental disability, medical conditions, pregnancy, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or citizenship within the limits imposed by federal laws and regulations. The Laboratory is also committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request such an accommodation, please send an email to applyhelp@lanl.gov or call 1-505-665-4444 option 1.Where You Will WorkLocated in northern New Mexico, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. LANL enhances national security by ensuring the safety and reliability of the U.S. nuclear stockpile, developing technologies to reduce threats from weapons of mass destruction, and solving problems related to energy, environment, infrastructure, health, and global security concerns.  Our employees are our greatest asset, which is why we provide a comprehensive benefits package that offers health coverage for you and your eligible family members today and retirement plans for a brighter tomorrow. A healthy workforce is paramount to a successful organization. We offer an incentivized wellness plan and preventive care to encourage and reward good basic health choices. Also, for your financial wellness, we provide a tax-deferred 401(k) retirement plan, with a company match and service based contribution.  The Business Innovation directorate (ADBI) provides information technology and cyber security services to help the Laboratory meet its national security, science, and engineering missions. ADBI strives to: Provide exemplary information security, as well as satisfy regulatory and contractual obligations.Promote technical excellence in our workforce.Deploy sustainable, reliable, and innovative technologies that increases LANL's competitive edge.Acquire insight into how information technology can enhance the Laboratory's missions. A division within ADBI, the Software and Applications Engineering (SAE) Division provides software and applications development support and database design/ development and administration, software quality management, and enterprise application consulting. Location: Los Alamos, NM, US Contact Name: Christensen, Richard Fredrick Jr Organization Name: SAE-2/ Enterprise Business Software Email: rchristensen@lanl.gov Job Title: Oracle Software Developer (Software Developer 1/2) Appointment Type: Regular Req ID: IRC59841
About Continental With sales of €40.5 billion in 2016, Continental is among the leading automotive suppliers worldwide and currently employs more than 227,000 employees in 56 countries. The Chassis & Safety division develops and produces integrated active and passive driving safety technologies as well as products that support vehicle dynamics. The product portfolio ranges from electronic and hydraulic brake and chassis control systems to sensors, advanced driver assistance systems, airbag electronics and sensorics as well as electronic air suspension systems all the way to windscreen washer systems and headlight cleaning nozzles. The focus lies on a high level of system competence and the networking of individual components. Thus products and system functions are developed along the SensePlanAct chain of effects. They form the foundation for automated driving. Chassis & Safety employs more than 43,000 people worldwide and generated sales of approximately €9.0 billion in 2016. Auto req ID 78021BR Job Title IT Software developer Intern Country United States Posting Location Santa Barbara, CA Job Description Designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software programs for enhancements and new products. (This may include: developing software and tools in support of design, infrastructure and technology platforms, including databases, cloud­based and Internet­related tools.) Main responsibilities:Database and Software DevelopmentWork on internal web site development Working knowledge of HTML, JavaScript, CSS, PHP, SQL, etc Job Requirements •Junior standing or above Minimum GPA of 2.8Must be actively enrolled in an accredited university degree program for the duration of the internship program EEO Statement EEO / AA / Disabled / Protected Veteran Employer. Continental offers equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals, without regard to unlawful consideration to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law. In addition, as a federal contractor, Continental complies with government regulations, including affirmative action responsibilities, where they apply. To be considered, you must apply for a specific position for which Continental has a current posted job opening. Qualifying applications will be considered only for the specific opening(s) to which you apply. If you would like to be considered for additional or future job openings, we encourage you to reapply for other opportunities as they become available. Further, Continental provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance in the application process, please reply to North.America.Recruiting@continental-corporation.com or contact US Recruiting at 248.209.4000. Division Footer Text Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
 Availity delivers revenue cycle and related business solutions for health care professionals who want to build healthy, thriving organizations. Availity has the powerful tools, actionable insights and expansive network reach that medical businesses need to get an edge in an industry constantly redefined by change.The Configuration Release Engineer oversees build, test and deployment automation as well as source control administration in an agile development environment. The Engineer must have a strong background in C#/.NET, Git and should be a self-motivated problem solver. Familiarity with continuous integration, continuous deployment and/or continuous delivery concepts is required. Develop, analyze, and maintain tools that support and automate processes for software product releases, including build and deployment automation, configuration, and developer toolsWrite/maintain scripts to automate processes and configuration manage toolsWorks with project teams to understand software processes in order to provide build and deploy automation support.Compiles and assembles software from source codeEnsures tools are stored in source controlSupport developers for development tools including, but not limited to, source control, testing tools, and Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)Works with developers to use best practices for source control management (SCM) and Continuous Integration (CI) processesWorks with others to complete analysis, evaluations and design alternatives and implements process improvementsSource control management (Git/Bitbucket)Continuous Integration (Jenkins and Artifactory)Software deployment automation (Jenkins/Octopus Deploy)Support development engineers to resolve build/deploy errorsDeveloper desktop configuration Availity is an equal opportunity employer and makes decisions in employment matters without regard to race, religious creed, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, national origin, religion, marital status, medical condition, disability, military service, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, or any other classification protected by federal, state, and local laws and ordinances.  NOTICE: Federal law requires all employers to verify the identity and employment eligibility of all persons hired to work in the United States. When required by state law or federal regulation, Availity uses I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification in conjunction with E-Verify to determine employment eligibility. Learn more about E-Verify at http://www.dhs.gov/e-verify.
 Our Industry: Where we play  Medidata is making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere by accelerating critical drug and medical device development, enabling life-saving drugs and medical devices to get to market faster. Our products sit at the convergence of the Technology and Life Sciences industries, one of most exciting areas for global innovation.  We invented the Medidata Clinical Cloud® which is the primary technology solution powering clinical trials for over 90% of the world's top global pharmaceutical and medical-device companies - from study design and planning through execution, management and reporting. We are publicly traded (MDSO), have 850 customers with retention rates at 100% and a revenue run-rate of over $500M in 2017. Our customers include global pharmaceutical companies, biotech, diagnostic and device firms, leading academic medical centers, technical partners and contract research organizations.  Medidata’s solutions have powered over 12,000 clinical trials to date giving us the largest collection of clinical trial data in the world. With this asset, we pioneer innovative, advanced applications and intelligent data analytics, bringing an unmatched level of quality and efficiency to clinical trials enabling treatments to reach waiting patients sooner.  We know that diverse teams win and therefore we are committed to selecting leaders and employees that represent the markets in which we operate. We are still led by our Co-founders, Tarek Sherif and Glen de Vries, and have global operations in US, Europe and Asia with 1600 employees. Your Mission: Engineering Enablement works to help make our product teams more awesome. As a member, you’d be part of a collaborative team that develops software and advocates practices to enable the company to deliver value faster. Your Commitments:Develop and maintain scripts, tools, frameworks, automation and applications to enable delivery teams to work more effectivelyCoach and drive good software development practices across projects and teamsRefactor applications and test suites to reduce technical debtBe an engaged member of an agile teamMake continuous self-education a priorityKeep up to date with the software development and testing industriesChair and participate in working groupsAdhere to Medidata’s Standard Operating ProceduresYour Competencies: Full-stack development in at least one modern web platform with preference to ASP.NET, Microsoft SQL Server, and AngularJS  Proficient in automation development from the unit test level through the UI level  Deep understanding of programming paradigms with a focus on Object Oriented Programming  Effectively apply development techniques such as TDD, BDD, ATDD, DDD, and CQRS  Knowledgeable in Agile and DevOps practices  Communicate clearly and concisely Your Education & Experience: A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related discipline; or equivalent experience  Previous experience within DevOps/Ops, SDET or Testing roles is a huge asset  Previous experience within an agile environment is an asset  Our Culture: Who we are  We know that creativity doesn't happen on-demand. Developing cutting-edge cloud technology takes great minds and talented people working together in a collaborative environment. That is why we are committed to fostering an innovative, agile company culture. We encourage our teams to come together and experiment with new concepts, research new approaches and test out new technologies. We believe that being part of our team will make a difference in the world.  Our Mission: Powering smarter treatments and healthier people.  Our Vision: To be the most innovative cloud company in Life Sciences.  Our Principles: Integrity, Partnership, Inventiveness, Humility, Nimbleness, Tenacity, Inclusiveness, and Caring. Our Leadership Drivers:THINK: Inspires purpose, articulates strategy, and simplifies complexityTEAM: Communicates effectively, builds relationships and collaborates with othersDO: Plans ahead, scales for growth, ensures accountabilityLEARN: Self-aware, values difference, strives to learnTEACH: Inspires work, coaches others, builds teams Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. LI-DM1 
 We believe work is not a place, but rather a thing you do. Our technology revolves around this core philosophy. We are relentlessly committed to helping people work and play from anywhere, on any device. Innovation, creativity and a passion for ever-improving performance drive our company and our people forward. We empower the original mobile device: YOU! Location:Fort LauderdaleRequisition:R9030 Sr. Software Development Engineer (Open)Job Posting Title:Sr. Software Development EngineerJob Description: The Citrix Cloud Services Engineering team, based out of Fort Lauderdale, FL, is solely focused on delivering and enabling Cloud solutions for our customers and partners. Every day we work to deliver innovative solutions that enable our customers to transform their business by leveraging the latest Cloud technologies. Our team culture is a unique blend that combines the structured vision and process maturity of a well-established software company with the dynamism and vibrancy of a small startup.  Because Citrix continues to rapidly grow, we are looking for a bright, enthusiastic individual who enjoys working in a dynamic, fast-paced environment to join our Citrix Workspace Cloud Engineering team; as a Software Development Engineer in Fort Lauderdale, FL . The Opportunity As a Software Development Engineer, you will develop, test, maintain and debug software components for existing or new products. In this role, you will work within a team of software engineers on problems of limited complexity which are structured to develop knowledge and experience. You will receive general guidance on work that may span multiple disciplines of software engineering while following established practices and procedures. Your principal job responsibilities will include:Performing technical work requiring application of software development methodologiesImplementing designs; performing code reviews; implementing unit tests; debugging and integrating codePerforming preliminary tests to verify the functionality, accuracy, and efficiency of software; performing maintenance functions to correct errorsCommunicating technical issues; assisting with technical specification documentation and reviewWorking with programmers and other team members on technical aspects related to projectsImplementing and maintaining quality improvements to processes and productsEstablishing and maintaining thorough documentation of all workCoordinating, your own, development activities and engaging in continuous learning (both on the job and through technical training) in order to enhance technical expertiseRequirements:College graduate with a degree focused on (or equivalent in ) computer science, electrical engineering, or related fieldQualifications:Strong understanding of Computer Science fundamentals (e.g., algorithms, data structures); proficiency in a one or more object oriented programming language(s) (e.g., C#, C, C++, Java)Experience with one or more scripting languages (e.g., Unix shell, PERL, Java Script, Powershell)Understanding of basic software lifecycle processUnderstanding of Database fundamentalsExperience with OS concepts (e.g. OS internals, Multi-Threading, Networking)Good knowledge of Windows and/or UnixUnderstanding of networking and data communicationsKnowledge of Internet technologies (e.g., HTML, XML, TCP/IP)Experience with debugging code through interactive development environments (such as Visual Studio)Ability to solve problems across multiple subdisciplines of software engineering, for example: Capability of describing approaches to software test within projectsCapability for finding and/or developing solutions to algorithm and programming problemsDemonstrated ability to investigate and find defects in softwareThe Future Citrix provides a work environment that promotes employee growth and development. We are searching for an individual who wants to grow with us and will strive to improve performance and drive our business forward. If you are driven and enthusiastic, there will be additional opportunities for you here at Citrix. The Team Our Engineering team develops market leading products that allow our customers to thrive in the Cloud era. The team spans across the globe, and they work together to generate, test, analyze, implement, and maintain high performance, high quality and highly secure software. Our team members are diverse and experienced professionals who are passionate about their work. When you join our Engineering team, you will have the rewarding experience of working in an innovative and collaborative work environment with the industrys most visionary minds. About Us Citrix is the cloud company that enables mobile workstyles; powerful, new ways to connect with people and information on-demand from anywhere. As the workplace and workforce continues to rapidly evolve, our aspiration is to create a seamless continuum between work and life, so people are free to work whenever, wherever and however they choose. The Perks With competitive pay and great benefits, youll enjoy our workstyle within an incredible culture. Well give you all the tools you need to succeed so you can grow and develop with us. For additional information on what its like to work at Citrix and what we will offer you, visit our Life at Citrix page.  Working with Citrix puts you in the forefront of technology. Engage and discover the possibilities when you take your career to the unequivocal leader of service and application delivery. Every day, our teams are developing solutions that are deployed in thousands of networks around the globe to optimize, secure and control the delivery of all enterprise and cloud services.  Bring your career to Citrix, and let your talent take you virtually anywhere!  *LI-MN1 Functional Area:Software DevelopmentAbout us: Citrix is a cloud company that enables mobile workstyles. We create a continuum between work and life by allowing people to work whenever, wherever, and however they choose. Flexibility and collaboration is what were all about. The Perks: We offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package. Youll enjoy our workstyle within an incredible culture. Well give you all the tools you need to succeed so you can grow and develop with us.
 Job Posting Number 17-0081 Post Date 12/14/2017 Title Software Engineer Description Purpose: Contribute to the embedded software engineering on new electronic product development across a variety of SRAM brands and product categories. Join a small team with big impact at an established, stable company. Enjoy a collaborative peer environment where we're all learning from each other as we continue to create new, innovative electronic cycling systems.Contribute to electronic and software designs working in concert with mechanical systems. Be part of a team creating a physical product you can see, touch, and use.Take satisfaction seeing your work from initial concept through to full production and market launch.Enjoy being part of a team dedicated to quality, focused on reliability, and proud of what we create.Job Responsibilities:Design architectures and develop working software / firmware, targeting embedded systems, including communication with mobile devices and back-end services. Participate in full lifecycle software development for a custom IoT software stack including device-side  embedded C & server/test-side Python. Participate in the selection, design, and development of: o digital architectures and firmware including microprocessors, clocks, memory, and logic,  o drivers and interfaces to ADCs, DACs, high performance low-noise data acquisition, sensors and electromechanical systems such as motors, motor controllers, strain gauges, accelerometers, and Hall effect sensors  o battery-powered systems, high efficiency power supplies  o unlicensed wireless / RF solutions including SoCs, transceivers, antennas, and supporting circuitry.  o embedded communication via UART, SPI, I2C, and JTAG Write well designed, testable, effective code. Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures. Conduct and contribute to code reviews for software and design reviews for embedded hardware.Provide supporting design documentation, including design specifications, design options, tradeoffs and choice rationale, experimental results, and tuning procedures.Contribute to the creation, use, and adherence to evolving standards for design rigor and verification within the company’s growing software and electrical engineering team.Support projects from conception through product launch within a global team setting. Understand user needs and implementation strategy. Work closely with team leaders and product managers to understand and refine product concepts. Collaborate with embedded  hardware engineers, test systems engineers, and software quality assurance to develop jointly optimized, robust product architectures. Facilitate problem resolution within the design team, with suppliers, and with customers. Own, estimate, and track progress for tasks through all stages of a project to meet desired performance, cost, and time-to-market goals. Requirements Required Qualifications:B.S. degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent.Minimum 3 years of experience with C/C++ software development on one or more embedded platforms, with experience deploying a released-to-market product. Knowledge and mastery of managing MCU peripherals and interfacing to subsystems via UART, SPI, etc.Solid mastery of software development tools including build management, debuggers, version control, and bug tracking.Python scripting and Linux/gcc/make development environment experience.Excellent verbal and written English communication skills. Strong interpersonal and team skills are required.Relevant / Desired Experience:Development within established agile software development methodologies and principles focusing on reusability, maintainability, minimized complexity, high cohesion and low coupling.Prior international cross-functional team experience. Ability to travel domestically and internationally to work with a globally distributed team.Algorithm-level design contributions to signal processing & control systems.Design ownership involving one or more of the following technologies: o 802.15.4 / Zigbee  o Bluetooth / BLE / Bluetooth Smart  o ANT personal network protocol  o Real-time embedded operating systems (RTOS)  o ADC/DAC and sensors such as strain gauges, accelerometers, hall effect sensors, etc. Project experience having designed, analyzed, and improved the security of a device communications network. Knowledge of security-related topics such as authentication, data protection, encryption & cryptography, hashing, software attack methodologies,  threat analysis, secure data transfer & storage. Hardware design analysis, and joint hardware/software debugging using oscilloscopes and logic analyzers.Hands-on experience interfacing embedded software with mobile devices or back-end web applications.Experience with test-driven development, continuous integration.Modeling designs using UML and associated development tools; develop use cases to model real-time systems behavior.Experience working in a quality-driven culture, where brand reputation is made or lost based on the reliability of new products.
 OverviewPrimary Objective: This position is responsible for research, planning, design, and testing of software modules applicable to medical devices, prototypes, or development tools.ResponsibilitiesEssential Job Functions:Research software design proposals, identify appropriate options, and perform experiments to determine potential software design feasibility or application.Analyze potential algorithms and their potential for efficient embedded implementation.Consult with other engineers or managers to evaluate interfaces between hardware and software, and define appropriate software architecture.Formulate and design software structure, using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcome and consequences of design.Implement software design proposals into prototypes.Evaluate prototype performance and recommend design modifications.Create and release design requirement specifications and design description documents. QualificationsMinimum Qualifications:Required Education & Experience:Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Biotechnology, Computer Science, Engineering Technology or equivalent technical Degree; or equivalent combination of education and experience.Required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:Experience in software development in an embedded system.Experience with assembly-level and C code development, real time signal processing, and I/O control for microcontrollers.Demonstrated proficiency working with computers and MS operating systems.Knowledge of data acquisition tools and techniques.Proficiency in data preparation, analysis, and presentation.Self-Starter; Highly-Organized; Detail-Oriented; Highly-Motivated; Strong Problem Solver; Independent Worker & Strong Team Player; Analytical; Strong Interpersonal & Verbal/Written Communication;Customer-Focused; Results-Driven; Initiative; “Can-Do” AttitudePreferred Qualifications:Experience with ISO 13485.Familiarity with the FDA GMP.Experience in software development for medical devices.Physical Requirements: Able to sit, stand, and/or walk for 8 hours a day.
Job Summary Provides guidance to the development staff on all aspects of application development and testing. This includes, but is not limited to, leading development teams, recommending programming languages and development tools and providing support in testing. Supports efforts to determine and document requirements and provides guidance to developers regarding application design. Provides level 2 & 3 support for application production environments. Participates on projects and provides support to clients and business analysts in translating, defining, designing, and documenting requirements. Creates application code in accordance with applicable DTE Development Standards and Guidelines. Provides technical direction to Associate Developer and Developer. Key Accountabilities - Designs and develops application code, queries, scripts, web pages. Develops and executes unit tests; designs applications. Responsible for technical design, technical development, and technical deployment of applications.Provides planning and time estimate for own and others assignments.  - Keeps abreast of technology trends and DTE Energy strategies, standards, and guidelines in order to select technologies that are appropriate and cost beneficial and applies each to ITS operating procedures. Incorporates standards into ITS operating procedures, and ensures they are kept up-to-date.  - Mentors Associate Developer and Developer. Performs code reviews, explains technical concepts, and pair programming.  - Participates in system, unit, integration, and regression testing. Provides input on automated testing approaches and plans.  - Develops and conducts formal and information presentations.  - Works on multiple teams in a collaborative environment.  - Creates and prepares design documentations [UML Diagrams, environmental configuration, deployment (physical and logical), and domain diagrams].  - Conducts translation of business requirements into technical specifications. Minimum: Bachelor’s Degree preferred in an Information Technology discipline (other degrees may be considered) & 4 years of related job experience, OR an Associate Degree in an Information Technology discipline (other degrees may be considered) & 6 years of related job experience, OR a 2 year IT certificate from an accredited institution & 6 years of related job experience, OR a high school diploma or GED, & 8 years of experience in application development and design components.  - Preferred: Data Modeling with SASS, SPSS.  - Preferred: Data Integration experience.  - Preferred: Experience using most current program development technologies (i.e. Java, PHP) preferred.  - Excellent analytical and problem solving skills and the ability to recommend and participate in solution implementation in area of responsibility. Excellent organizational skills and excellent oral/written presentation skills.Internal or contractor targeted – i.e. knowledge of SDP and other DTE IT methodologiesIn-depth understanding of IT industry, i.e. emerging technologies, industry standards, support services, architectures, systems design, systems integration, and an in-depth knowledge of accepted IT processes.  - Ability to be self-directed and provide technical direction to others.  - Ability to work on multiple teams concurrently; occasionally assuming leadership roles. Incumbents may engage in all or some combination of the activities and accountabilities. Utilize a variety of the competencies cited in this description depending upon the organization and role to which they are assigned. This description is intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by incumbents in this job. It is not intended as an all-inclusive list of accountabilities or responsibilities, nor is it intended to limit the rights of supervisors or management representatives to assign, direct and control the work of employees under their supervision.
 This position is for a software engineer to support the Advanced Programs projects. The candidate will work in an agile scrum development environment to design and develop technically complex software systems. Tasks include defining sub-system architecture, performing detailed software design, generating design documentation, and software implementation and testing (to include developing unit tests). Works under general direction from senior team members to ensure product development is aligning with higher level program goals.  Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.  Basic Qualifications Experience/knowledge of software practices and configuration managementExperience on a development team using C/C++ or another object oriented development language Desired skills Effective oral and written communication skills and an ability to work effectively in a rapid paced, team environmentStrong analysis and mathematical skillsExperience working in an Agile development environmentLinux operating system experienceModeling and simulation experienceHardware test and integration experience As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins team of 113,000 people works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in all 50 states and more than 570 facilities that span 70 countries.  Join us at Lockheed Martin, where were engineering a better tomorrow. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Job Location(s): King of Prussia Pennsylvania
 Description:Job Title: Software EngineerJob Location: Colorado Springs, COJob ID: SIS20170512-22291Job Description: Harris Corporation is currently seeking an experience Software engineer to join our team. The successful candidate will perform Software engineering tasks on Phase Array Radar systems. Perform lifecycle engineering of software applications applying traditional and object oriented methodologies to all aspects of engineering, i.e. software requirements development, preliminary design, critical design, software code development, Data Flow diagrams/Class/Sequences diagrams, peer reviews, unit and developmental testing/ integration, documentation, completion of all deliverables. Study system utilization to determine optimal system configurations.  Responsibilities include: Perform code, data analysis, and document inspection to support definition of requirements and designDevelop Software for new and legacy applications, including maintenance actionsGenerate SRR, PDR, CDR slides to support milestone reviewsConduct design, unit test, integration and test, document results and integrate software modules in local test facilities and at site facilities.Quickly read and understand code developed by othersParticipate in meetings with the customerSite integration and test support (limited travelPerforms other duties as assignedQualifications:3+ years’ relevant experience with BS/BA (Bachelors) or equivalentPreferred Additional Skills:Java development (Eclipse, Spring, GUI/services/IPCs/network messaging)Experience in engineering/reverse engineering/modelling (MagicDraw or equivalent) new and existing codeWorks well with team members from various disciplinesConcurrency modelFamiliarity with RADAR systemsExperience in development with IPCs and UDP/TCP/IP communication paradigmsMainframe assembly (IBM 360, SNX/Centran)Strong communications skillsSecurity Clearance:This position requires a Secret security clearance. Security clearances may only be granted to U.S. citizens. In addition, applicants who accept a conditional offer of employment may be subject to government security investigation(s) and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.By submitting your résumé for this position, you understand and agree that Harris Corporation may share your résumé, as well as any other related personal information or documentation you provide, with its subsidiaries and affiliated companies for the purpose of considering you for other available positions.Harris is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state or local law.Location: USA - CO - Colorado Springs  Activation Date: Tuesday, December 5, 2017  Expiration Date: Tuesday, May 1, 2018  Apply Here
This is a great opportunity to empower people to improve their health. Apple is looking for exceptional engineers to help deliver amazing experiences that will address this need in meaningful ways.Key Qualifications: •Note: We don't require that you have experience with all of this to begin with, but it is directly relevant to the role. •3+ years of experience developing, publishing and maintaining commercial iOS apps •Experience with Objective-C and related iOS development tools •Excellent overall software design, implementation and debugging skills •Comfortable with fast paced schedule driven development •Obsessively passionate and inquisitive, and seek to solve everyday problems in innovative ways •Superb spoken and written communication skills •Strong grasp of computer science or data science fundamentals •Passion and prior experience designing and implementing outstanding user interfaces and customer experience •Demonstrated experience shipping high quality software products •Familiarity with healthcare or medical concepts is a plusDescription: Work with experts in their field to expand and support the broader healthcare related efforts at Apple. • This position requires a self-motivated engineer with strong technical and communication skills to handle responsibilities including: • Implementing new functionality in existing applications • Prototyping new ideas to help with initial feature definition • Communicating ideas to the Apple design team • Improving performance, stability and reliability of our systems • Participating in architecture and code reviews • Building internal tools as needed to help ship high quality software • The ideal candidate will be highly technical, detail-oriented, creative, motivated, and focused on achieving results. • Comfort in a fast moving, agile important is a must, as well as a high interest in improving healthcare using technology.Education: BS Computer Science or equivalent experience Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Job Posting TitleSoftware Engineer ISummaryThe Software Engineer I works in an Agile/Scrum based software development environment in creating robust platforms and innovative gaming products for current and emerging markets. She/he is responsible for code development, debugging, testing, and integration of software products. This engineer is expected to work under significant supervision of a senior developer.What you'll doKey Performance CompetenciesAdaptability Flexibility Dependability Communication Skills Technical Knowledge Quality of Work Essential DutiesFollows a disciplined Agile/Scrum software development process in task estimation, design, development, code reviews, unit/integration testing and defect fixing of products Assists senior developers with the design of various software components, applications and services Works with senior staff to develop code that adheres to the written specifications Participates in peer reviews of code design and written code as assignedDocuments new/modified code, and develops/automates unit and integration tests to verify the changes Analyzes existing software to debug and troubleshoot field issues that may arise Participates as required in process improvement initiatives Performs other duties as assigned Knowledge/Skills RequiredExperience in programming on Linux or Windows platformDemonstrable working knowledge of Object-oriented programmingKnowledge of design/modeling tools such as UML a plus Attention to detail Excellent communication skills Ability to work well in a team environment Experience in any of the following:C++ or C#CMakeGNU DebuggerGMock/GTest frameworksVersion ControlEducation, Training and ExperienceBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field or equivalent work experience Physical DemandsThe physical demands of typical office positions are expected. The ability to sit and perform terminal/computer work for lengthy periods is expected. Work EnvironmentThis is a non-smoking office environment. What we're looking forWhy Aristocrat?World Leader in Gaming EntertainmentRobust benefits packageGlobal career opportunitiesOur core values: Respect, Courage, Integrity and PassionOur Winning WaysUnite - Come together as one team, with one visionDevelop - Empower, inspire and grow our peopleDeliver - Execute with excellence, be accountable for resultsPlay - Be creative, celebrate successThe US based roles may require registration with the Nevada Gaming Control Board (NGCB) and/or other gaming jurisdictions in which we operate.LocationFranklin, TN, USJob familySoftwareContract TypeRegularTime TypeFull time
 nbkc bank is not like the rest. We are a top employer in the metro area offering a wide array of career opportunities within our organization. We have a leading reputation for delivering the best experience for our customers. We value and respect the talented, committed, and diverse people who make up our organization; they are our most important strength. Summary Description We currently have an opening for a Software Engineer at 8320 Ward Parkway. Software Engineers develop and maintain frontend and backend features of internal custom solutions. Assist the development team to improve processes and drive deeper integration within systems across the enterprise. Gathers functional and design specifications for the development, testing, implementation, and maintenance of custom solutions. Responds to technical service requests from internal and external customers related to custom applications and/or integrations. Duties and ResponsibilitiesServes as project team member throughout the software development life cycle.In concert with a Software Architect, designs and develops complex multi-tiered solutions to meet organizational needs as well as operational support for existing solutions.Provides a consistent feedback loop to team leads, analysts, and product owners. Delivers updates on current progress, obstacles, and needs.Able to respond rapidly to a changing business environment heavily impacted by regulation and economic climate.Solicits feedback from product ownership and end users. Drives application utilization by focusing on user experience.Serves in a technical advisory role during product and feature planning sessions.Implements feature requests to meet functional and design specifications through frontend and backend code.Works closely with Software Quality Assurance Analysts to implement and execute test plans.Conforms to and maintains documentation for all custom solutions.Partners with third party vendors to ensure compatibility and data integrity.Technical setup and deployment of new servers from a base operating system.Escalation point for production support, acting as intermediary between Software Quality Assurance Analysts and application code.Follows all applicable laws and regulations.Performs other duties and projects as assignedAbility to perform essential functions of the job with or without accommodationRequired Skills and Knowledge1+ year(s) previous experience as a C# developer within a .NET environment, .NET 4+, WCF, and Entity Framework preferred.Basic understanding of service architectureUnderstanding of design patterns and use casesPrevious experience working with Microsoft SQL ServerPrevious experience working with AngularJS or similar framework a plusPrevious experience working with HTML and CSS a plusPreferred SkillsAbility to provide solutions to a variety of technical problemsExcellent written and verbal communication skillsStrong analytical and troubleshooting skillsStrong organizational and time management skillsAbility to work in a team environmentFlexible and adapts to changeAbout nbkc bank nbkc bank is more than just a banking organization. We make banking simple so our customers and team members can go live life boldly. We use our expertise to impact the customer experience by crafting innovative approaches that make banking simple.  Since we opened our doors in 1999, one of our most important goals has been to create a culture in which excellence is recognized, individualism is encouraged, and the workplace is vibrant.  But how have we done it? It starts with building a profitable, stable company and providing more than just the traditional benefits to our team members and their families, including: Multiple Health Plan options (including PPO/HDHP), starting the first day of the following month in which a team member starts their career with nbkc bank.Life Insurance, AD&D, and Short- and Long-Term Disability, with premium covered by nbkc bankOptional Group Dental and Vision PlansOptional 401k Retirement Savings Plan with company sponsored matching program4 weeks of Paid Time Off (PTO) in year 1, 10 Paid Company Holidays and Paid Volunteer Time. Just as our take on banking is far from traditional, so are the benefits of growing your career here at nbkc bank. Ours is a fun, energetic, casual work environment. We offer flexible schedules and collaborative, cross-disciplinary work, onsite fitness center, game and arcade rooms on every floor and a state-of the-art workspace. You think thats cool, stay awhile and you will love the benefit of a 4-week paid sabbatical after your 10 year anniversary to go live boldly. Because You Matter here at nbkc bank.  A background screening including credit check will be required of the final candidate. nbkc bank is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer Minority/Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation  Custom Sources:1. Associate Referral CareerBuilderGlassdoorIndeedKansasworks/veterensshowmeheroes.mo.gov Vendor Sources:None SelectedSocial Networks:Not available, please contact your Relationship Manager.Authorized UsersNone Set
 WorldQuant is a quantitative asset management firm founded in 2007 and currently has over 600 employees spread across more than 20 offices in 15 countries. We develop and deploy systematic financial strategies across a variety of asset classes in global markets, utilizing a proprietary research platform and risk management process.  Software Engineers lead WorldQuant’s efforts to automate the full financial investment process to the greatest degree possible. Measures of system efficiency—such as response time, latency and throughput—are analyzed and optimized. Execution quality and portfolio liquidity are continuously evaluated. Ongoing development projects are undertaken to improve system performance and functionality. In every task, technologists are keenly process and automation-oriented as they seek to provide industry-leading technology for research, portfolio management and trading execution.  We are seeking exceptionally bright individuals who thrive on solving complex technology and business challenges.  As a Software Engineer at WorldQuant, you will join teams that: Develop software that enables WorldQuant to process vast amounts of information to inform investment decisionsDevelop state of the art distributed financial modeling systems and toolsDevelop software that enables fully-automated trading processesDevelop tools and software for investment process automation and monitoringWork closely with portfolio management, middle office and research professionals to create custom-tailored, unique solutions that provide clear business valueSupport and monitor mission-critical technology functions and processesAt minimum Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field from a top schoolExceptional programming skillsExperience using multiple programming and scripting languagesStrong analytical skills and painstaking attention to detailDemonstrated excellence in chosen field of study or professionFinance experience is not mandatoryBe self-motivated and take initiative with minimal directionPossess excellent written and oral communication skills Positions available based in New York City, Old Greenwich, CT, San Francisco, CA, as well as other current and future WorldQuant global offices.  To apply, please submit resumes including ACT/SAT scores.
 JPay Inc. has an opening for a Software Developer. This position requires an individual who is a team player and who can also work independently with minimal supervision. The candidate should be able to stay motivated and productive in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. Work on the core web servicesWork on web applicationsWork on PC applicationsWork on MS SQL databasesContribute to all phases of development Ã¢â‚¬â€œ design, development, testing, and deploymentProvide technical leadership and mentor other members of the development teamRequired SkillsExperience with C# and ASP.NETExperience with SQL is required, MS SQL is a plusExcellent time management, problem solving, and debugging skillsAble to document processes or proceduresExcellent written and oral communication skills; fluent in EnglishEducationS. in Computer Science or equivalent experienceAdditional RequirementsExperience with credit card handling and transaction processing is a plusExperience with PCI compliance is a plusExpertise in LINQ and Entity Framework is a plusExperience with Agile Methodology and Test-Driven Development is a plusWindows Forms application experience is a plusExperience with mobile development (iOS, Android) is a plusExperience with Asp.Net MVC is a plusExperience with JavaScript and jQuery is a plus All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.
POSITION SUMMARY The Specialty Shared Services organization is responsible for the development and maintenance of REST based Entity APIs communicating with various underlying business platforms, data repositories and external systems/APIs within Express Scripts business domains. This role uses specialized depth and experience to oversee the design, development and modification of complex Java web service applications. This position is also responsible for the overall architecture, design and implementation of the system and alignment of business requirement(s) to the technical design(s). Strong technical background in Java/J2EE, Spring, Spring Boot, SOA/MSA REST/SOAP, Hibernate/JPA, SQL & No-SQL based data repositories, and related technology stack is required for the success in this role. This position will create detailed specifications or designs, conduct quality assurance reviews of peer's application programming and act as a mentor to others in these programs. This position is competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of application programming activities. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONSPartner with multiple vendors to create estimates and delivery plans for projects or programs across an application family.Ensure quality of technology delivery of multiple vendors technology solutions for multiple concurrent projects or programs for an application family.Provide technology leadership and delivery accountability for solutions for multiple concurrent projects within an application family (i.e. Specialty, Home Delivery, Claims, etc).Function as team leader for a large or complex unit with accountability for setting direction to mature the technology associated with the team.Key aspect of this is tech debt removal when possible.Identify and implement process enhancement opportunities associated with supporting the application area.Serve as SME for components of the team.Partner with architects to set direction for maturing use of/retiring/adding technology components in the ESI environment.Provide technical guidance to projects/programs for complex components of a multiple technology suites.Lead efforts to develop standard practices, components, guidelines for use of complex technology components.Lead teams to resolve urgent and high priority production incidents.Lead actions to determine root cause of problems and drive resolution.Lead Agile work groups that are responsible for software design, development and quality testing.You will have the opportunity to drive designs of multiple API(s) solutions that successfully fulfill business needs and provide value to enterprise.Work on team/solution architecture to ensure solutions are extensible, simple, optimal and scalable.Provide technical excellence and mentor team members.Advise continuous improvement efforts to ensure quality and enhance business value.Act as a liaison between Technical team, Technical Product Owners, Scrum Masters, Solution Leads and multiple Work streams consuming the API(s).QUALIFICATIONSExperience developing and deploying Java web service applications in an Enterprise scale environment.Experience with software debugging and integration techniques (API, Services, SOA).Experience with source control management tools such as Git, SVN, TFS or CVS.Solutions are innovative, thorough, practical and consistent with organizational objectives.Strong customer service focus.Ability to lead discussions with all levels of the organization and provide balanced information of an idea or communication of an issue regardless of written or verbal.Strong mentoring skills.Demonstrated ability to prioritize work load and meet project deadlines.Adaptability and willingness to lean new tools and applications.Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively across project teams.Minimum educational requirement:Bachelors degree in related field and 5+ years experience.Strong background in architecture, design and implementation of Services and Enterprise Application Integrations (REST & SOAP based APIs)Minimum 5+ years experience and a Bachelors Degree requiredLI-CK1
Job DescriptionOverview:BIT Systems Inc., a CACI company. The commitment of our employees to "Engineering Results" is the catalyst that has propelled BITS to becoming a leader in software development, R&D, sensor development and signal processing. Our engineering teams are highly adept at solving complex problems with the application of leading-edge technology solutions, empowering decision-makers to make better mission-critical decisions. Our operational team excels at signal collection, processing and analysis. We have operational personnel stationed around the world in support of our customers' missions.Duties and Responsibilities:The Junior DSP Tools Developer will have responsibilities that include (but are not limited to): Development of analytic signal processing toolsEnhancing and maintaining existing X-Midas and M2Extra tools which are used by signal analystsReceiving tasking and mentoring from senior tool developers and signal analystsRequired Qualifications:Typically requires ­­a Bachelors degree or equivalent and 2 to 4 years of related experience.Formal training in Digital Signal Processing plus two years relevant experience OR Bachelors Degree in: Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, or a related field.Experience programming in either Python, Java, C++, or any object- oriented or functional language.  Demonstrated proficiency in communicating technical and analytical information in written products.Experience programming in either Python, Java, C++, or any object- oriented or functional language.Demonstrated proficiency in communicating technical and analytical information in written products.Desired Qualifications: Experience processing signals using Matlab, Octave, or another software tool suiteExperience with telemetry systemsExperience with X-Midas Experience in the development of RF transmission and receiver systems or software defined radioKnowledge and experience processing digital video formats.Experience in the development of RF transmission and receiver systems.Experience in design, development, or testing of weapons systems. What We Can Offer You: Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success. Job Location US-Vienna-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN  CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
 As a Software Engineer on the Automation team, you will be responsible for contributing to the Automation framework used in testing the Sonos Players. This will require collaboration with your partners the Player Test Teams to understand areas of improvement for the framework and to develop a big picture view of how the projects in the Automation team benefit the other test teams. This will include giving guidance to other teams on best coding practices and good automation strategies. If you love music, solving challenging problems and delivering high-quality products, we want to talk with you!* Contribute to the Sonos test architecture infrastructure, design and test methodologies Design, develop, and expand on our test automation framework and research emerging automation technologiesSet up test environments and infrastructureInvestigate, log, track, and triage bugs to determine root cause and establish prioritizationCollaborate well both within the team and among other teams who use the automation framework we develop.Contribute to the design and development of automation frameworks and testing processesStrong coding fundamentals (data-structures, algorithms, design patterns, etc.) as well as specific experience in Python, Java or C/C++ in a Linux environmentProven ability to utilize SCM and CI tools (Perforce, Git, SVN, Jenkins, etc.)Solid communication, interpersonal and leadership skills as well as experience working in dynamic and collaborative work environments* BS/BA in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related experienceExperience programming in the Linux environmentAt least 2 years of automation testing including working experience with unit test automation frameworks.Familiarity with continuous integration systems, preferably JenkinsExperience programming with one or more of the following languages: Python, Java or C/C++Excellent verbal and written communications skillsDesired:Experience working in a Scrum/Agile environment, preferred but not requiredExperience with (or interest in) working on a framework/tools team, preferred but not required
 This is a full stack software engineering position responsible for developing new and existing frontend and backend cloud software to be utilized with CTS kiosks across multiple clients.Education/Experience Requirements:Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in MIS, Computer Science or related fieldMinimum 3 years of experience in web and software developmentSoftware Engineer Job Responsibilities:Creating software requirement specificationsSoftware and relational database designSoftware development, testing, and implementationOngoing support and maintenance of implemented softwareAssisting in the support and maintenance of our network infrastructureSkills and Competencies Requirements:Demonstrated knowledge of various technologies, such as:  Angular (4.0) Java o CSS, SASS, LESS Spring Framework: Boot, Data, MVC Relational Database knowledge, SQL and ORM (JPA, Hibernate) AWS Cloud Experience o UnixEssential Competencies:Strong Communication Analytical/Detail Oriented Assertiveness Decision Making Customer Focus Positivity CollaborativePosition includes excellent benefits package such as:Medical-vision/dental and life insurance plans401(k) planPaid HolidaysPersonal Paid Time Off

Software Engineer Smith & Associates knows electronic components inside and out. As the industry leader in electronic components and supply chain management, we are looking for bright, energetic, and talented people to join our expert international team. We have a dynamic, entrepreneurial culture where individual contributions are expected and valued.  As a Software Developer, you will be building applications and deliver innovative solution using modern technologies. The Application Development team develops and maintains a wide spectrum of applications to support company’s day-to-day business. Required SkillsDay-to-day Responsibilities:Develop web applications (front-end and back-end) with focus on usability and scalability based on business requirementsProduction support and trouble-shooting for existing applicationsWork with senior developers in solving new and existing technical issuesPerform maintenance and development of existing web applications in a multi-tier architecture.Build robust, reusable and highly maintainable web services.Working with business analysts, functional users and interacting with other developers to translate business requirements into technical ideas and ensure that code functionality meets requirementsRequired ExperienceRequirementsBachelor or Master degree in Computer Science or similar engineering field0-3 years of development experience with strong recent experience in web applicationsNeed to know Java well and solid understanding in Object-Oriented design principlesSolid experience with OO driven development and frameworks, JavaScript frameworks such as AngularJS(1 or 2) are highly desiredSolid experience in HTML, Javascript, CSS and front-end technologiesRelational Database knowledge and experienceRESTful API design and implementation experienceExcellent debugging and problem-solving skills.Experience as a SQL developer on relational database, such as Oracle or SQLBe willing to help your teammates, share your knowledge, and learn from them. Be open to receiving feedback. Pluses Responsive UI/UX design, web design or Mobile App development experienceHands-on experience with Node.js, MongoDB, GruntLinux scripting skills
 Requisition Number 18-0004 Post Date 1/4/2018 Title Software Engineer City Cincinnati State OH Description Company Profile  The David J. Joseph Company (DJJ), founded in 1885, is a world leader in scrap metal recycling & trading. With over 70 locations, the Joseph Company is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nucor Corporation (NUE) a Fortune 200  Company. DJJ has a well-earned reputation for safety, integrity and innovation. We are recognized as a good community citizen who is trustworthy, financially strong and environmentally proactive.  DJJ has an exciting opportunity as a Software Engineer for our Downtown Cincinnati Office.  Position Overview Develops routine to moderately complex proprietary software programming applications from concept to deployment by gathering and evaluating requirements, defining business information requirements, designing the solution, building the code, and testing to  meet or exceed quality standards using established process methodologies and tools.  a. Supports implements and/or installs software applications / operating systems. b. Participates in the testing process through test review and analysis, test witnessing and certification of  software. Debugs applications as problems are identified.  c. Makes recommendations for business process improvements with an understanding of technical problems and solutions as they relate to the technology needs. Collaborates with Project Managers / Business Analysts and end-users to define and document requirements using established processes and tools and given scope constraints.Translates requirements to design, architect and document systems, and write code that is stable, reusable, scalable and simple.Proactively monitors, maintains and enhances existing systems to increase functionality, optimize performance, keep pace with changing business needs and reflect technology advancements.Participates in the development of software user manuals.Develops and maintains knowledge of customer's business by learning through a mix of project work, partnering with business users, and seeking out learning opportunities. a. Resolves internal customer’s complaints and responds to suggestions for improvements  and enhancements. b. Works with technical staff to understand routine to moderately complex problems with software and develops specifications to resolve them. Solves routine to moderately complex business needs with initiative, sound judgment, strong technical skill, attention to detail, and exceptional customer service. May participate in indoctrinating interns and / or new employees.Performs other duties as assigned.QualificationsBachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Business or related discipline. Equivalent combination of experience and education will also be considered.Minimum 2 – 5 years related experience in designing, coding, testing, debugging, documenting, maintaining and deploying web-based, multi-tiered business software solutions. a. Experience designing, developing and optimizing MS SQL databases.  b. Strong debugging, troubleshooting and analytical skills. c. Minimum 1 year experience in the following technologies: C#, ASP.NET, MS SQL, HTML, JavaScript, CSS. d. Additional desired skills: MySQL, Linux, Oracle, TFS, jQuery, HTML5, IIS 6/7, iOS development. Ability to perform moderately complex requirements development, coverage analysis, impact analysis and modification. Ability to lead requirements effort on routine to moderately complex projects.Demonstrates working knowledge, practical skills and the ability to perform work under moderate supervision. Must be detail-oriented with the ability to manage multiple assignments effectively.Requires effective communication skills to convey status, ideas and concepts in a team environment.Requires a professional demeanor with a high degree of flexibility, responsiveness and self-direction.Non-routine issues are often discussed with / referred to more experienced staff.Work is typically focused on short-term objectives (6 months or less) and reviewed frequently for assessment and direction.Minimal travel required.Benefits We offer a competitive compensation & benefits package to include: Medical, Dental, Life, Disability, Vacation, Paid Holidays, Bonus Potential & 401k match among other great benefits. If you are ready to grow with a successful company, please apply online.  DJJ is a drug-free workplace and conducts pre-employment testing as a condition of employment.  DJJ is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you’d like more  information on your EEO rights under the law, please  click here. EJN djjglassdoor We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP  here. 
HP is developing exciting new applications to support and extend our leading presence in the world-wide Printing and PC marketplaces.We are looking for creative developers to works across the breadth of HPs businesses to produce inspired demo applications which will be used to explore new experiences and markets with dynamic Proof of Concept apps.Your work will pursue emerging business needs by skillfully blending HPs internal APIs, external APIs, proprietary Machine Learning and Computer Vision code, and open source code from different domains.Your work will be shared internally at HP, and with key external partners. Customer feedback will be used to drive iterations of the apps, and to further refine APIs. The apps will be well-documented and presented in ways to encourage larger learning and adoption of the key concepts and use cases.The ideal candidate has both a willingness and desire to work in a dynamic environment, is able to apply Agile methodologies in his/her day-to-day activities, and is a self-motivated developer who mentors and shares knowledge, promoting the leading edge of new ideas. If you are passionate about technology and want to be part of the next great thing, then we have a job for you.Qualifications "HP may not sponsor individuals for immigration benefits in this position"Bachelor's, Master's or PhD degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or similar technology, or equivalent depth of professional experience, and have the following qualifications:Demonstrated ability to develop apps using high-level programming languages (e.g., Java, Ruby on Rails, Scala, Swift, Objective C, C/C++, Javascript, Python)Demonstrated in-depth technical knowledge of software testing and troubleshooting.Demonstrated ability to represent and explain customers needs and perceptions at a business team level.Ability to work in a paired development, Agile environmentDemonstrated ability to work independently to achieve desired results from general objectives.Excellent English communication skills: listening, speaking, writing and presenting. Able to express thoughts and promote concepts to a variety of people with different skill levels.Strong initiative and willingness to learn.Excellent teamwork and interpersonal skillsAptitude to engage in an objective debate with peers on a periodic basis with regards to the direction of projects and be able to redirect project goals to best utilize his/her time.Good deductive reasoning and receptive of constructive feedback.
 What You Will DoThis position will be filled at either a Software Developer 1 or 2 level, depending on the skills of the selected candidate. Additional job responsibilities (outlined below) will be assigned if the candidate is hired at the higher level. The selected candidate will report to the SAE-2 Team Leader and perform job requirements as described below and as assigned by the SAE-2 Management. Software Developer 1 Responsibilities($60,400 - $95,900)  The selected candidates will work as an Oracle Applications Developer in the Software Applications and Engineering group (SAE-2) supporting the development and maintenance of HRMS, Procurement, Financial, Inventory and Environment, Safety, Health applications systems and infrastructure components. Incumbent will be responsible for: Work as a team member with direction from the SAE-2 managementHelp design, modify, and test enhancements to applications supported by SAE-2 Software Developer 2 Responsibilities($72,500 - $118,200)  In addition to the duties outlined above, the Software Developer 2 will be required to: Work as a team member and independently with direction from the SAE-2 managementDesign, modify and test enhancements to applications supported by SAE-2Provide software development support on Commercial of the shelf (COTS) applications What You Need  Minimum Job Requirements:  Software Developer 1 Requirements Knowledge designing, developing, modifying, testing, debugging software to meet customer requirementsExperience using Oracle DatabasesExperience writing SQL Queries, PL/SQL packagesExperience with software configuration management; software quality assurance methodologies Software Developer 2 Requirements  In addition to the requirements outlined above, the Software Developer 2 will need: Knowledge of secure coding practicesKnowledge of how to analyze and define business requirements and preparing technical designsExperience designing, developing, modifying, testing, debugging and evaluating software to meet customer requirementsExperience using Oracle DatabasesExperience writing SQL Queries, PL/SQL packagesExperience working with XML files Desired Skills: Software Developer 1Experience using Oracle DB 12cExperience developing application using Oracle APEXExperience using a Software Version Control SystemExperience using and or developing Web Services Software Developer 2  In addition to the desired skills above: Experience using a Software Version Control SystemExperience developing and enhancing Mobile applicationsExperience using and or developing Web ServicesExperience developing and enhancing Oracle EBS modules Education: Software Developer1 Position typically requires a bachelor’s degree and a minimum of two years related experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  Software Developer 2  Position typically requires a bachelor’s degree and a minimum of five years related experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  Additional Details:  Clearance: Q (Position will be cleared to this level). Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements* for access to classified matter.  *Eligibility requirements: To obtain a clearance, an individual must be at least 18 years of age; U.S. citizenship is required except in very limited circumstances. See DOE Order 472.2 for additional information.  New-Employment Drug Test: The Laboratory requires successful applicants to complete a new-employment drug test and maintains a substance abuse policy that includes random drug testing  Regular position:Term status Laboratory employees applying for regular-status positions are converted to regular status.  Equal Opportunity:Los Alamos National Laboratory is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. All employment practices are based on qualification and merit, without regards to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or preference, marital status or spousal affiliation, physical or mental disability, medical conditions, pregnancy, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or citizenship within the limits imposed by federal laws and regulations. The Laboratory is also committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request such an accommodation, please send an email to applyhelp@lanl.gov or call 1-505-665-4444 option 1.Where You Will WorkLocated in northern New Mexico, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. LANL enhances national security by ensuring the safety and reliability of the U.S. nuclear stockpile, developing technologies to reduce threats from weapons of mass destruction, and solving problems related to energy, environment, infrastructure, health, and global security concerns.  Our employees are our greatest asset, which is why we provide a comprehensive benefits package that offers health coverage for you and your eligible family members today and retirement plans for a brighter tomorrow. A healthy workforce is paramount to a successful organization. We offer an incentivized wellness plan and preventive care to encourage and reward good basic health choices. Also, for your financial wellness, we provide a tax-deferred 401(k) retirement plan, with a company match and service based contribution.  The Business Innovation directorate (ADBI) provides information technology and cyber security services to help the Laboratory meet its national security, science, and engineering missions. ADBI strives to: Provide exemplary information security, as well as satisfy regulatory and contractual obligations.Promote technical excellence in our workforce.Deploy sustainable, reliable, and innovative technologies that increases LANL's competitive edge.Acquire insight into how information technology can enhance the Laboratory's missions. A division within ADBI, the Software and Applications Engineering (SAE) Division provides software and applications development support and database design/ development and administration, software quality management, and enterprise application consulting. Location: Los Alamos, NM, US Contact Name: Christensen, Richard Fredrick Jr Organization Name: SAE-2/ Enterprise Business Software Email: rchristensen@lanl.gov Job Title: Oracle Software Developer (Software Developer 1/2) Appointment Type: Regular Req ID: IRC59841
 Availity delivers revenue cycle and related business solutions for health care professionals who want to build healthy, thriving organizations. Availity has the powerful tools, actionable insights and expansive network reach that medical businesses need to get an edge in an industry constantly redefined by change.The Configuration Release Engineer oversees build, test and deployment automation as well as source control administration in an agile development environment. The Engineer must have a strong background in C#/.NET, Git and should be a self-motivated problem solver. Familiarity with continuous integration, continuous deployment and/or continuous delivery concepts is required. Develop, analyze, and maintain tools that support and automate processes for software product releases, including build and deployment automation, configuration, and developer toolsWrite/maintain scripts to automate processes and configuration manage toolsWorks with project teams to understand software processes in order to provide build and deploy automation support.Compiles and assembles software from source codeEnsures tools are stored in source controlSupport developers for development tools including, but not limited to, source control, testing tools, and Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)Works with developers to use best practices for source control management (SCM) and Continuous Integration (CI) processesWorks with others to complete analysis, evaluations and design alternatives and implements process improvementsSource control management (Git/Bitbucket)Continuous Integration (Jenkins and Artifactory)Software deployment automation (Jenkins/Octopus Deploy)Support development engineers to resolve build/deploy errorsDeveloper desktop configuration Availity is an equal opportunity employer and makes decisions in employment matters without regard to race, religious creed, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, national origin, religion, marital status, medical condition, disability, military service, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, or any other classification protected by federal, state, and local laws and ordinances.  NOTICE: Federal law requires all employers to verify the identity and employment eligibility of all persons hired to work in the United States. When required by state law or federal regulation, Availity uses I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification in conjunction with E-Verify to determine employment eligibility. Learn more about E-Verify at http://www.dhs.gov/e-verify.
 We believe work is not a place, but rather a thing you do. Our technology revolves around this core philosophy. We are relentlessly committed to helping people work and play from anywhere, on any device. Innovation, creativity and a passion for ever-improving performance drive our company and our people forward. We empower the original mobile device: YOU! Location:Fort LauderdaleRequisition:R9030 Sr. Software Development Engineer (Open)Job Posting Title:Sr. Software Development EngineerJob Description: The Citrix Cloud Services Engineering team, based out of Fort Lauderdale, FL, is solely focused on delivering and enabling Cloud solutions for our customers and partners. Every day we work to deliver innovative solutions that enable our customers to transform their business by leveraging the latest Cloud technologies. Our team culture is a unique blend that combines the structured vision and process maturity of a well-established software company with the dynamism and vibrancy of a small startup.  Because Citrix continues to rapidly grow, we are looking for a bright, enthusiastic individual who enjoys working in a dynamic, fast-paced environment to join our Citrix Workspace Cloud Engineering team; as a Software Development Engineer in Fort Lauderdale, FL . The Opportunity As a Software Development Engineer, you will develop, test, maintain and debug software components for existing or new products. In this role, you will work within a team of software engineers on problems of limited complexity which are structured to develop knowledge and experience. You will receive general guidance on work that may span multiple disciplines of software engineering while following established practices and procedures. Your principal job responsibilities will include:Performing technical work requiring application of software development methodologiesImplementing designs; performing code reviews; implementing unit tests; debugging and integrating codePerforming preliminary tests to verify the functionality, accuracy, and efficiency of software; performing maintenance functions to correct errorsCommunicating technical issues; assisting with technical specification documentation and reviewWorking with programmers and other team members on technical aspects related to projectsImplementing and maintaining quality improvements to processes and productsEstablishing and maintaining thorough documentation of all workCoordinating, your own, development activities and engaging in continuous learning (both on the job and through technical training) in order to enhance technical expertiseRequirements:College graduate with a degree focused on (or equivalent in ) computer science, electrical engineering, or related fieldQualifications:Strong understanding of Computer Science fundamentals (e.g., algorithms, data structures); proficiency in a one or more object oriented programming language(s) (e.g., C#, C, C++, Java)Experience with one or more scripting languages (e.g., Unix shell, PERL, Java Script, Powershell)Understanding of basic software lifecycle processUnderstanding of Database fundamentalsExperience with OS concepts (e.g. OS internals, Multi-Threading, Networking)Good knowledge of Windows and/or UnixUnderstanding of networking and data communicationsKnowledge of Internet technologies (e.g., HTML, XML, TCP/IP)Experience with debugging code through interactive development environments (such as Visual Studio)Ability to solve problems across multiple subdisciplines of software engineering, for example: Capability of describing approaches to software test within projectsCapability for finding and/or developing solutions to algorithm and programming problemsDemonstrated ability to investigate and find defects in softwareThe Future Citrix provides a work environment that promotes employee growth and development. We are searching for an individual who wants to grow with us and will strive to improve performance and drive our business forward. If you are driven and enthusiastic, there will be additional opportunities for you here at Citrix. The Team Our Engineering team develops market leading products that allow our customers to thrive in the Cloud era. The team spans across the globe, and they work together to generate, test, analyze, implement, and maintain high performance, high quality and highly secure software. Our team members are diverse and experienced professionals who are passionate about their work. When you join our Engineering team, you will have the rewarding experience of working in an innovative and collaborative work environment with the industrys most visionary minds. About Us Citrix is the cloud company that enables mobile workstyles; powerful, new ways to connect with people and information on-demand from anywhere. As the workplace and workforce continues to rapidly evolve, our aspiration is to create a seamless continuum between work and life, so people are free to work whenever, wherever and however they choose. The Perks With competitive pay and great benefits, youll enjoy our workstyle within an incredible culture. Well give you all the tools you need to succeed so you can grow and develop with us. For additional information on what its like to work at Citrix and what we will offer you, visit our Life at Citrix page.  Working with Citrix puts you in the forefront of technology. Engage and discover the possibilities when you take your career to the unequivocal leader of service and application delivery. Every day, our teams are developing solutions that are deployed in thousands of networks around the globe to optimize, secure and control the delivery of all enterprise and cloud services.  Bring your career to Citrix, and let your talent take you virtually anywhere!  *LI-MN1 Functional Area:Software DevelopmentAbout us: Citrix is a cloud company that enables mobile workstyles. We create a continuum between work and life by allowing people to work whenever, wherever, and however they choose. Flexibility and collaboration is what were all about. The Perks: We offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package. Youll enjoy our workstyle within an incredible culture. Well give you all the tools you need to succeed so you can grow and develop with us.
 OverviewPrimary Objective: This position is responsible for research, planning, design, and testing of software modules applicable to medical devices, prototypes, or development tools.ResponsibilitiesEssential Job Functions:Research software design proposals, identify appropriate options, and perform experiments to determine potential software design feasibility or application.Analyze potential algorithms and their potential for efficient embedded implementation.Consult with other engineers or managers to evaluate interfaces between hardware and software, and define appropriate software architecture.Formulate and design software structure, using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcome and consequences of design.Implement software design proposals into prototypes.Evaluate prototype performance and recommend design modifications.Create and release design requirement specifications and design description documents. QualificationsMinimum Qualifications:Required Education & Experience:Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Biotechnology, Computer Science, Engineering Technology or equivalent technical Degree; or equivalent combination of education and experience.Required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:Experience in software development in an embedded system.Experience with assembly-level and C code development, real time signal processing, and I/O control for microcontrollers.Demonstrated proficiency working with computers and MS operating systems.Knowledge of data acquisition tools and techniques.Proficiency in data preparation, analysis, and presentation.Self-Starter; Highly-Organized; Detail-Oriented; Highly-Motivated; Strong Problem Solver; Independent Worker & Strong Team Player; Analytical; Strong Interpersonal & Verbal/Written Communication;Customer-Focused; Results-Driven; Initiative; “Can-Do” AttitudePreferred Qualifications:Experience with ISO 13485.Familiarity with the FDA GMP.Experience in software development for medical devices.Physical Requirements: Able to sit, stand, and/or walk for 8 hours a day.
 This position is for a software engineer to support the Advanced Programs projects. The candidate will work in an agile scrum development environment to design and develop technically complex software systems. Tasks include defining sub-system architecture, performing detailed software design, generating design documentation, and software implementation and testing (to include developing unit tests). Works under general direction from senior team members to ensure product development is aligning with higher level program goals.  Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.  Basic Qualifications Experience/knowledge of software practices and configuration managementExperience on a development team using C/C++ or another object oriented development language Desired skills Effective oral and written communication skills and an ability to work effectively in a rapid paced, team environmentStrong analysis and mathematical skillsExperience working in an Agile development environmentLinux operating system experienceModeling and simulation experienceHardware test and integration experience As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins team of 113,000 people works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in all 50 states and more than 570 facilities that span 70 countries.  Join us at Lockheed Martin, where were engineering a better tomorrow. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Job Location(s): King of Prussia Pennsylvania
This is a great opportunity to empower people to improve their health. Apple is looking for exceptional engineers to help deliver amazing experiences that will address this need in meaningful ways.Key Qualifications: •Note: We don't require that you have experience with all of this to begin with, but it is directly relevant to the role. •3+ years of experience developing, publishing and maintaining commercial iOS apps •Experience with Objective-C and related iOS development tools •Excellent overall software design, implementation and debugging skills •Comfortable with fast paced schedule driven development •Obsessively passionate and inquisitive, and seek to solve everyday problems in innovative ways •Superb spoken and written communication skills •Strong grasp of computer science or data science fundamentals •Passion and prior experience designing and implementing outstanding user interfaces and customer experience •Demonstrated experience shipping high quality software products •Familiarity with healthcare or medical concepts is a plusDescription: Work with experts in their field to expand and support the broader healthcare related efforts at Apple. • This position requires a self-motivated engineer with strong technical and communication skills to handle responsibilities including: • Implementing new functionality in existing applications • Prototyping new ideas to help with initial feature definition • Communicating ideas to the Apple design team • Improving performance, stability and reliability of our systems • Participating in architecture and code reviews • Building internal tools as needed to help ship high quality software • The ideal candidate will be highly technical, detail-oriented, creative, motivated, and focused on achieving results. • Comfort in a fast moving, agile important is a must, as well as a high interest in improving healthcare using technology.Education: BS Computer Science or equivalent experience Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
 nbkc bank is not like the rest. We are a top employer in the metro area offering a wide array of career opportunities within our organization. We have a leading reputation for delivering the best experience for our customers. We value and respect the talented, committed, and diverse people who make up our organization; they are our most important strength. Summary Description We currently have an opening for a Software Engineer at 8320 Ward Parkway. Software Engineers develop and maintain frontend and backend features of internal custom solutions. Assist the development team to improve processes and drive deeper integration within systems across the enterprise. Gathers functional and design specifications for the development, testing, implementation, and maintenance of custom solutions. Responds to technical service requests from internal and external customers related to custom applications and/or integrations. Duties and ResponsibilitiesServes as project team member throughout the software development life cycle.In concert with a Software Architect, designs and develops complex multi-tiered solutions to meet organizational needs as well as operational support for existing solutions.Provides a consistent feedback loop to team leads, analysts, and product owners. Delivers updates on current progress, obstacles, and needs.Able to respond rapidly to a changing business environment heavily impacted by regulation and economic climate.Solicits feedback from product ownership and end users. Drives application utilization by focusing on user experience.Serves in a technical advisory role during product and feature planning sessions.Implements feature requests to meet functional and design specifications through frontend and backend code.Works closely with Software Quality Assurance Analysts to implement and execute test plans.Conforms to and maintains documentation for all custom solutions.Partners with third party vendors to ensure compatibility and data integrity.Technical setup and deployment of new servers from a base operating system.Escalation point for production support, acting as intermediary between Software Quality Assurance Analysts and application code.Follows all applicable laws and regulations.Performs other duties and projects as assignedAbility to perform essential functions of the job with or without accommodationRequired Skills and Knowledge1+ year(s) previous experience as a C# developer within a .NET environment, .NET 4+, WCF, and Entity Framework preferred.Basic understanding of service architectureUnderstanding of design patterns and use casesPrevious experience working with Microsoft SQL ServerPrevious experience working with AngularJS or similar framework a plusPrevious experience working with HTML and CSS a plusPreferred SkillsAbility to provide solutions to a variety of technical problemsExcellent written and verbal communication skillsStrong analytical and troubleshooting skillsStrong organizational and time management skillsAbility to work in a team environmentFlexible and adapts to changeAbout nbkc bank nbkc bank is more than just a banking organization. We make banking simple so our customers and team members can go live life boldly. We use our expertise to impact the customer experience by crafting innovative approaches that make banking simple.  Since we opened our doors in 1999, one of our most important goals has been to create a culture in which excellence is recognized, individualism is encouraged, and the workplace is vibrant.  But how have we done it? It starts with building a profitable, stable company and providing more than just the traditional benefits to our team members and their families, including: Multiple Health Plan options (including PPO/HDHP), starting the first day of the following month in which a team member starts their career with nbkc bank.Life Insurance, AD&D, and Short- and Long-Term Disability, with premium covered by nbkc bankOptional Group Dental and Vision PlansOptional 401k Retirement Savings Plan with company sponsored matching program4 weeks of Paid Time Off (PTO) in year 1, 10 Paid Company Holidays and Paid Volunteer Time. Just as our take on banking is far from traditional, so are the benefits of growing your career here at nbkc bank. Ours is a fun, energetic, casual work environment. We offer flexible schedules and collaborative, cross-disciplinary work, onsite fitness center, game and arcade rooms on every floor and a state-of the-art workspace. You think thats cool, stay awhile and you will love the benefit of a 4-week paid sabbatical after your 10 year anniversary to go live boldly. Because You Matter here at nbkc bank.  A background screening including credit check will be required of the final candidate. nbkc bank is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer Minority/Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation  Custom Sources:1. Associate Referral CareerBuilderGlassdoorIndeedKansasworks/veterensshowmeheroes.mo.gov Vendor Sources:None SelectedSocial Networks:Not available, please contact your Relationship Manager.Authorized UsersNone Set
 JPay Inc. has an opening for a Software Developer. This position requires an individual who is a team player and who can also work independently with minimal supervision. The candidate should be able to stay motivated and productive in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. Work on the core web servicesWork on web applicationsWork on PC applicationsWork on MS SQL databasesContribute to all phases of development Ã¢â‚¬â€œ design, development, testing, and deploymentProvide technical leadership and mentor other members of the development teamRequired SkillsExperience with C# and ASP.NETExperience with SQL is required, MS SQL is a plusExcellent time management, problem solving, and debugging skillsAble to document processes or proceduresExcellent written and oral communication skills; fluent in EnglishEducationS. in Computer Science or equivalent experienceAdditional RequirementsExperience with credit card handling and transaction processing is a plusExperience with PCI compliance is a plusExpertise in LINQ and Entity Framework is a plusExperience with Agile Methodology and Test-Driven Development is a plusWindows Forms application experience is a plusExperience with mobile development (iOS, Android) is a plusExperience with Asp.Net MVC is a plusExperience with JavaScript and jQuery is a plus All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.
Job DescriptionOverview:BIT Systems Inc., a CACI company. The commitment of our employees to "Engineering Results" is the catalyst that has propelled BITS to becoming a leader in software development, R&D, sensor development and signal processing. Our engineering teams are highly adept at solving complex problems with the application of leading-edge technology solutions, empowering decision-makers to make better mission-critical decisions. Our operational team excels at signal collection, processing and analysis. We have operational personnel stationed around the world in support of our customers' missions.Duties and Responsibilities:The Junior DSP Tools Developer will have responsibilities that include (but are not limited to): Development of analytic signal processing toolsEnhancing and maintaining existing X-Midas and M2Extra tools which are used by signal analystsReceiving tasking and mentoring from senior tool developers and signal analystsRequired Qualifications:Typically requires ­­a Bachelors degree or equivalent and 2 to 4 years of related experience.Formal training in Digital Signal Processing plus two years relevant experience OR Bachelors Degree in: Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, or a related field.Experience programming in either Python, Java, C++, or any object- oriented or functional language.  Demonstrated proficiency in communicating technical and analytical information in written products.Experience programming in either Python, Java, C++, or any object- oriented or functional language.Demonstrated proficiency in communicating technical and analytical information in written products.Desired Qualifications: Experience processing signals using Matlab, Octave, or another software tool suiteExperience with telemetry systemsExperience with X-Midas Experience in the development of RF transmission and receiver systems or software defined radioKnowledge and experience processing digital video formats.Experience in the development of RF transmission and receiver systems.Experience in design, development, or testing of weapons systems. What We Can Offer You: Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success. Job Location US-Vienna-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN  CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
 Are you a recent graduate looking to entry level developer with Drupal, WordPress and/or PHP skills to add to our growing team? Join Forum One and help us build web solutions for organizations doing important work around the world! What you’ll do:Build websites and applications by writing code (PHP, HTML, CSS, Javascript) and configuring content management and social publishing software (Drupal, Wordpress)Estimate the level of effort of development for individual site features (stories)Attend relevant industry meetups and events and presents relevant topicsContribute to the Forum One technical blogWhat you bring to the table:Have at least one year of web development experience, preferably in Drupal, WordPress or PHPHave a bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or information systemsWhy you’ll love it here:All employees are owners401(k) match25 days paid time off to startFlexible work hoursKiller benefits & professional developmentDo work for amazing, world-changing clientsSnacks, healthy ones and not so healthy onesPersonal innovation budgetFull staff retreatsAbout Forum One: Forum One is a full service digital agency that works with mission-driven organizations to create the stunning designs, smart messaging, and custom built technology tools they need to realize their goals and extend their influence in the areas they care about most.  We are headquartered in Alexandria, VA, with additional offices in Washington, DC; Seattle, WA; and Cologne, Germany. We work influential organizations such as the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Peace Corps, and the American Red Cross.
Job Summary The AX Developer will be responsible for all phases of software development, including business requirements, design, coding, testing, documentation, deployment, and production support for the Dynamics AX system. This individual will be a member of a small, talented development team focused on delivering high quality enterprise caliber systems on the Microsoft platform, primarily in Microsoft Dynamics AX, X++, SSRS, MSSQL Server. Primary responsibilities will be to execute the design, estimate the project and drive the system development and implementation efforts of project initiatives. This position will work closely with the department Director and team Technical Leads to ensure compliance of standards and alignment with the strategic approach of the Information Service department. Essential Job Duties and ResponsibilitiesDevelopment The developer is responsible for driving development efforts for enhancement and maintenance of Dynamics AX and associated linkage to third party system including internally developed applications utilizing object oriented design techniques and department coding standards. This role will be strongly proficient with the AX application and database structure, effectively and clearly communicates with internal and external end-users, and provides clear and timely communication to the team and the project manager on development progress and obstacles.Testing & Deployments Creates and executes application and deployment testing through the creation of unit tests, functional and smoke testing for deployment validation. The developer will create change management requests for implementations of new code versions into production, seeking appropriate business and management approvals and coordinating with the project manager.Performance Responsible for actively monitoring the overall performance of the Dynamics AX application stack. Including the main application, SQL Server, database configuration, POS system. Will also include troubleshooting application connectivity between Ohio, Illinois and New York.Production Support, Misc. and Other Duties as Required Responsible for providing production support of the Dynamics AX system, integrated third party systems, and internal business applications ensuring high availability, data consistency and accuracy of information. Closely monitors AX and batch stream performance meeting or exceeding established service levels for business systems data availability. Responsible for participating in overnight and weekend on call support rotation resolving business outages or impacts as needed.Required QualificationsEducation, Licensing, Certification, and ExperienceBachelors degree in IS or related industry experience1-3 years of Dynamic AX development experience in medium to large size corporate environments with increasing levels of responsibility and complexity of projects and applications3-5 years of experience designing and developing with SQL Server.Knowledge, Skills, and AbilitiesMust be extremely proficient in Microsoft X++ development.Experience using AIF to integrate AX with external systems.Proficient with security development techniques.Ability to design and develop reports using SSRS development tools.Ability to debug the AX application stack on the fly in order to resolve production based issues related to data.Proficient with defining and estimating project tasks.Collaborative approach to design issues and problem solvingStrong ability to balance multiple project initiatives concurrentlyStrong knowledge and experience with all project life-cycle phases including overall system designStrong written and verbal communication skillsAbility to integrate procedural steps and processes with technical requirements and system functions to assure successful delivery of work.Strong analytical thinking and problem solving skillsAbility to work well within a team environment; contribute positively etc.Experience with Continuous Integration and Source Control tools and methodologies.Commitment to quality and excellent customer service to end usersPerforms application debugging, programming, test case development, and testing of applications.Proficient with word processing (Microsoft Word), Visio, Internet browsers, and email.Preferred QualificationsEducation, Licensing, Certification, and ExperienceMicrosoft AX certifications preferred.Experience in C#.Experience designing complex systems.Hammacher Schlemmer, a well-recognized, upscale consumer catalog since 1848, brings the Best, the Only, and the Unexpected innovative products to our valued customers. We offer fine apparel, high quality electronics, exceptional furnishings for home and office, durable utility goods, and a unique selection of thoughtful gifts for adults and children. Benefits: Our company is wholly owned by our employees through an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) that allows you to not only derive the benefits of working as an employee at Hammacher Schlemmer, but also gain the benefits of being an owner. We also offer: A Business Casual Work Environment, Health and Dental Insurance, Life Insurance, Disability Insurance, Paid Time Off (PTO) Program, Direct Deposit, Credit Union, Flexible Spending Accounts, Employee Assistance Program, Employee Referral Bonus Program, 401(k), Profit Sharing, Tuition Reimbursement, Onsite Cafeteria, Onsite Fitness Center, Product Discounts and more! Hammacher Schlemmer is an Equal Opportunity Employer
About Us: Braintree lets you move money from one place to another safely and securely. Every time you pay for an Uber ride, book a stay through Airbnb, or pay with PayPal when you check out online, youre probably using our product. It sounds complex (and it is), but we make it so simple you cant tell were there.  We solve world-scale problems and provide opportunities to match. We build diverse teams that recognize our strengths and allow us to work on our weaknesses. You bring skills and a relentless focus on the customer, and we'll provide the support you need to do the best work of your life.  Check us out: GitHub | Blog | Twitter | LinkedIn | Facebook | The Muse | Glassdoor The Team: Our focus is teaming with smart engineers who are passionate about their craft and excited to build software for our unique solutions in the space.  At Braintree, developers have the chance to work on various teams and stacks. Although most of our software is written in Ruby, we believe in using the best tool for the job. For example, weve written data platforms in Clojure, payment gateways in Java, and contextual commerce in Python. Heres more: Communication is key to our process, and we don't want to hinder it with walls. Many teams program in pairs, which means you always have another set of eyes to help you.We practice test-driven development and believe that it helps us deliver simple solutions focused on real customer needs. We have no QA department developers test, release and monitor their own code.We keep the team in sync with daily stand-ups and have regular retrospectives to discuss things that are going well and opportunities for improvements.We value unique perspectives brought by diverse backgrounds and experiences. A broad range of ideas and perspectives help us to create the best possible product.Types of projects we work on: Pay with PayPal - enable easy processing of PayPal payments and disputes  Alternate payments - enable new and emerging payment methods that are becoming popular across the world. Role Requirements:2+ years experience building software or web applications with object oriented or functional programming languages. Doesnt matter what language, just a focus on writing clean, well designed and scalable codeAbility and desire to work in our collaborative environment: open team room, pair programming and fluid interactions with all products and operations teamsInterest in TDD and specific experiences using a test heavy approach to solve problems and create solutionsFocusing on building solutions utilizing an agile approach: close relationships with Product Managers, communicating and digesting real time feedback, and working smart to build story cards on daily basisPerks:Open dev days: every two weeks we spend a day working on projects that interest us and help us expand our skills and knowledgeParticipation in the technology community: we help cover travel and attendance costs for conferences, and we offer opportunities and tools for speaking.Check out our Careers page for more company perks. We know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please don't hesitate to apply.
 KNAPP was founded in Austria in 1952, and has 3350 employees worldwide, 2200 employees in Austria and around 1700 employees in Headquarter in Graz, Austria.  Additionally, KNAPP has a global network of company locations from Sydney to Buenos Aires and the office for North America is in Kennesaw, GA.  KNAPP provides intralogistics solutions to customers’ worldwide including conveyor- and material handling systems, semi-automatic picking and storage system using shuttle technology, fully automated picking robots and much more. A permanent element of the corporate strategy is continually striving in the areas of further development and research. KNAPP IS A WORLDWIDE LEADER IN WAREHOUSE AND DISTRIBUTION CENTER AUTOMATION. KNAPP has been developing comprehensive material handling and software solutions for more than four generations. Solutions that give our clients a competitive edge that helps achieve industry-leading results. By combining state-of-the-art software with unique picking and storage technology, KNAPP develops the perfect high-performance automated material handling solution. Customized to suit not only specific industries, but the individual goals of every client we serve throughout the United States and Canada.  KNAPP continues a tradition of excellence by helping our customers quickly and efficiently manage internal processes that increase accuracy, reduce inventory costs, and improve customer service. From accurate and safe pharmacy automation solutions to innovative systems for audio/video, pharmaceutical wholesale distribution, health, beauty and cosmetics and more. Job Summary: The holder of this position is a member of the Software Engineer team at KNAPP. This position requires excellent communication skills (both written and verbal), strong analytical skills, and a fundamental knowledge of warehousing/distribution logistics concepts and trade-offs. Competences Needed for the Job:Obtaining information from Project Management, Product Management, Project Planning, Software Development, Sales, partner companies and all KNAPP employees involved in the order executionIndependent agreement of the information technology solution with the customer (Requirement Specification document and host protocol document) in coordination with project management and project planningAcceptance and assessment of factory test and internal acceptance testsCreating development requestsOffering support and guidance to new employees during the early employment period (Mentor)Objective:Detailed preparation of the solution concept selected in the design phase as the basis for the order executionDevelopment of control engineering solutions for the requirements of our customers using information technologyOffering support and guidance to new employees during the early employment periodShare skills and experience with employees of the department.Responsibilities and Functions:Customer communication / Clarification of detailsCreating interface documentCreate specification sheetCreate internal documents for project-executing departmentsCreate test plans (factory tests, internal and customer-specific acceptance tests)Factory acceptance testing and internal testingCreate development requestsConvocation and participation in planning meetings (with ME, HW, EL planning)Support of project-implementing departments (Planning, Development, Commissioning, etc.)Continuous updating of customer specific SW-documents during order execution. Integration of change requests.Check the layout for the feasibility of the software processesSupport Project ManagementIndication of any deviations from the original scope of supplyCoordinate customer projects with SW suppliersSupport new employeesImprove planning documentsCandidates Profile:Education:Engineering Master’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or similar fieldsEngineering degree in Logistics (beneficial)Technical Background:Sound understanding of system components of KNAPP-Group (Function, SW, HW)Sound understanding of complex processes in the workflow of our customersSound understanding for integration possibilities of the KNAPP system into customer environmentAbility to plan and hold meetings (with planning team and with customers)Computer skills (MS Office, KNAPP-internal tools)Language skills (English mandatory, additional languages beneficial)We offer:Premium Health InsuranceDental InsurancePaid Vacation & 9 HolidaysRetirement PlanFlexible Spending AccountLife InsuranceShort & Long Term DisabilityEmployee Assistance ProgramCompany Events & outings
Company: DigiCert, Inc.  Lehi, Utah Contact: Please email a résumé to hr@digicert.com. Position: Software Engineer Description: One of the fastest-growing and successful companies in Utah is looking for a Software Engineer to join its ranks. DigiCert is one of the largest and fastest growing Certificate Authorities in the world. We issue digital certificates that are used to secure websites with SSL/TLS encryption. Our growing list of customers includes world-famous brands like Wikipedia, Yahoo!, Facebook, BMW, and Sony. To-date we’ve been awarded the Inc. 500|5000, Deloitte Technology Fast 500, UV50, and the Alfred P. Sloan Award for Business Excellence in Workplace Flexibility. It’s easy to see why we’re growing our team! Come be a part of an exceptional business with exceptional growth and opportunity! Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Development of feature sets and product enhancements  Debugging and troubleshooting source code  Responding promptly and professionally to defect reports  Responsible for analysis and troubleshooting of defects and coordinating refactor and design solutions  Researching customer issues, product initiatives, and providing input and development to problems/issues  Develop an understanding of product knowledge, architecture, and solutions  Estimate task lengths, development activities, and meet schedules  Report to CTO  Other duties as assigned Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Strong Java knowledge and programming skills  Use of Java Web Services and other Java technologies to build services  Experience with Tomcat, Jetty, Docker, and other web container technologies  Knowledgeable in Javascript, other Javascript libraries, and front end technologies  Experience with service-orientated architecture  Use of secure coding practices and methodologies  3-5+ years of professional experience working in the software industry  Passionate in unit testing and producing high quality code  Understanding of SSL, PKI, and other security related technologies  Strong knowledge in database design and SQL  Working knowledge of Linux and Windows operating systems  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Electrical Engineering, etc., or equivalent years of experience and formal training  Effectively communicate, prioritize tasks, and manage time efficiently  High performance individual who is persistent and self-motivated to accomplish tasks  Detail-oriented, quick learner, and problem solver  Strong interpersonal communication skills About DigiCert: As one of the fastest growing companies in Utah, DigiCert provides a fun, casual, and flexible environment. We offer competitive compensation and provide generous medical, dental, life, vision benefits, along with a 401(k) plan with employer match, a flexible spending plan, and educational assistance. We also think you’ll enjoy our fully stocked break room, company trip, and quarterly activities just to name a few of the perks.Software Engineer was last modified: April 24th, 2017 by firetoss
Job Overview As the SQL Developer, you will be responsible for the development of all phases in SQL, T-SQL, relational database programming/design, and SSRS reporting. You will also be responsible for providing database and application solution strategy, technical design, architecture, and support carrying out the implementation of enterprise application development and data integration deliverables. Day in the Life of:You will diagnose, triage and correct, MS SQL Server deficiencies, including, but not limited to, performance, misconfigurations, and incorrect data structures.You will write stored procedures, table alterations, functions, views, selects, inner and outer joins, SSIS packages and SSRS Reports.You will optimize and administer current queries, including generation of version update scripts.You will configure and promote objects through development to production using version control system.You will convert business requirements to system design.You will own the database schema, which designates responsibility for its design (both current and planned improvement).You will be responsible for designing, coding, and implementing database solutions using modern techniques and programming languages, including table design, stored procedures, and overall best practice methodologies.You will work harmoniously in a cross-functional team comprised of managers, supervisors, business analysts, and other developers to ensure the delivery of software solutions as planned.You will interact with programmers as a SQL Expert.You will design database schema based on data modeling of business requirements and entities.You will design and develop data integration using SSIS and Stored Procedures.You will create, modify, read and understand stored procedures.You will create, modify and troubleshoot SQL jobs.You will develop, optimize and execute complex SQL queries from diverse data sets.You will perform code reviews, analyze execution plans, and refactor inefficient code.You will collect and review database performance metrics and proactively address performance concerns.You will work closely with systems and development teams and provide technical expertise where needed.You will be able to quickly understand and resolve issues, mitigate risks and dependencies and the ability to drive projects to completion.You will identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.You will work with team leads to prioritize business and information needs.Our Ideal Candidate:Has a bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or closely related field (Masters degree preferred)Has a minimum 5+ years of experience as a MS SQL programmer in a fast-paced dynamic environment using a structured software development methodologyHas experience designing and implementing large-scale database solutions that are reliable, scalable, and perform at high levelsHas experience with SSAS and 3 dimensional SQL cubesHas working knowledge of security and privacy issues, SQL 2016, and SQL 2014.Has experience in conceptual data modelingHas experience with JSON, XML, REST APIsIs an expert in translating business requirements to project design, development, and executionHas strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracyCan clearly communicate capabilities, opportunities, and recommendations to both technical and nontechnical audiencesIs confident enough to handle the project single handedly and take direction from the business.Has C# / .Net coding skills...should be strong enough to support applications and make coding changes as needed.Has some reporting skills with SSRS (Tableau,etc., preferred)
 Software Development Engineer III Location  WA, Seattle Division  Product Development Requisition ID 500Apply NowAs the Software Development Engineer, this role will report directly to the Software Development Manager working on our GTC team. Responsibilities include writing server side code for Google Cloud Platform based applications, creating robust high-volume production applications, and developing prototypes quickly. This role will also help create innovative ways to tackle analytics such as geospatial problems, machine learning, and trending analysis. WHAT YOU WILL DODeliver software features with exceptional quality, meeting designated release plans and delivery commitmentsDevelop applications and services across Zonar’s technology stack to deliver new features and support for Zonar’s productsWork closely with other team member in guiding software architecture and technology decisions to emphasis quality, performance, usability, and sustainability, empowering the end goal of releasing a world-class user experience and business value to our customersInstrument Zonar code to achieve insight on business metrics, usage, and performanceFollow software engineering best practices and provide technical mentorship to other members of the teamWHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE TEAM3+ years of experience for software developmentSolid foundation in data structures, algorithms and software design with strong analytical and debugging skillsExperience with Python (will be working in Python), Java, and ability to pick new languages quicklyExperience with database systems such as PostgreSQL, CassandraRESTful API experience requiredExperience with message queues such as RabbitMQ, KafkaExperience with Docker Containers, Kubernetes, and Microservice Frameworks is a plusExperience with Large Scale/ Big Data methods, such as MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive preferredExperience in designing and building large scale systems. Demonstrated knowledge with distributed and multi-threaded implementations a plusAbility to work well with others, motivate other team members, and thrive in a dynamic and challenging work environment. Able to set goals and achieve scheduled deadlinesPassionate orientation and attention to customer satisfactionExcellent verbal and written communication skillsBachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experienceABOUT US Founded in 2001, Zonar has pioneered smart fleet management technology by providing innovative technology that has changed fleet operations in the vocational, pupil and commercial trucking industries. With a unique focus on this field, the Company offers a complete suite of solutions and specialized platforms for our customers in multiple markets. Our patented, award-winning technology keeps fleet owners and managers connected to their fleets and drivers to dispatchers. Zonar has a proven history of continuous innovation on behalf of our customers, providing products that efficiently and easily track commercial fleets and assets, streamline reporting and significantly increasing safety while saving cost. Leveraging a portfolio of 150+ patents, we are building upon these data and related analytics services to create the next generation of software and services for the 15M target customers in the US alone.  Headquartered in Seattle and majority-owned by technology company Continental, Zonar also has a Technology Development Center in downtown Seattle, a regional office in Cincinnati, and a distribution center outside of Atlanta. Our culture is based on ingenuity, leadership, teamwork, excellence, passion, integrity, and fun! Our company has grown to over 350 employees who are goal-oriented and fast-paced, but understand the importance of having a healthy work life balance. This is an excellent opportunity to work for a fast-paced, growing, innovative company, make a big impact on a rapidly evolving space, and have fun along the way!
 Why Work at Dell? Endless challenges and rewards. Opportunities on six continents. A team of colleagues fueled by collaboration. All this, and a company deeply committed to integrity and responsibility. Primary Responsibilities: Assist in development of feature definition and product scoping Development of high level and low level design documentation for solutions Providing technical leadership to product engineering teams including contributing to product development Cross-organization engagement to develop integrated, differentiated solutions Proficiency in: Low level programming in C# (and C++) GUI development (XAML, WPF, etc.) Industry initiatives such as DASH, TruManage, and vPro PC Imaging technologies Industry leading console solutions such as Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager SW Design Principles Awareness of: Using standard software development tools such as IDE and Command Line Development Environments, Issue Tracking, Source Control, and Automated Build Scripts Systems Management for Windows Operating systems including Group Policy, Active Directory, etc. COM, WMI programming UEFI / BIOS Agile SW Development Methodology Leading a SW development team Proficiency in: Low level programming in C# (and C++) GUI development (XAML, WPF, etc.) Industry initiatives such as DASH, TruManage, and vPro PC Imaging technologies Industry leading console solutions such as Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager SW Design Principles Awareness of: Using standard software development tools such as IDE and Command Line Development Environments, Issue Tracking, Source Control, and Automated Build Scripts Systems Management for Windows Operating systems including Group Policy, Active Directory, etc. COM, WMI programming UEFI / BIOS Agile SW Development Methodology Leading a SW development team
 CF Industries is a global leader in transforming natural gas into nitrogen. The chemical processes we use ensure we have the nitrogen we need to support life on earth - from fertilizer that feeds the crops that feed the world to products that remove harmful emissions from industrial activities. Through our nine world-class manufacturing complexes and best-in-class distribution system, we serve agricultural and industrial customers. We invite you to be a part of our nearly 3,000 employees making a difference every day. Department:AG0500 Information TechnologyFunction:Information TechnologyJob Summary:The Solutions Developer will be primarily focused on Java/SQL Server development. They will be responsible to collaborate and work with customers, business analysts, and team members to understand business requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions in an environment that includes a variety of integrating applications (manufacturing, distribution and supply chain). Solutions must meet the companys strategic vision and work within the architectural standards.  The Solutions Developer is responsible to recognize that business applications have become an integral component of an employees ability to perform their business tasks, and this role is a critical function necessary to promote efficient and effective business processes. The role works closely with other teams within IT and with departments companywide. This role will require off-hours support and may require a limited amount of travel as needed.Job Description:Job Responsibilities:Assists in the full systems life cycle and be responsible for design, coding, testing, implementation, maintenance and support for application software while making sure thatprojects are completed on time and in budgetDevelops, maintains, monitors and manages data loads and functions Consults with system users to gather information about needs, objectives, functions, features, and input and output requirementsDevelops test plans to ensure expected quality level to meet standard development efforts Interfaces with other IT departments and teams to clarify requirements, research problems and answer questionsResponsible for recognizing critical elements of application problems, develops and evaluates data, determines solutions, and makes logical recommendationsEnsures all solutions will meet and adhere to the corporate standards, procedures and methodologiesAssists in training users and assuring they are prepared to use the solutions Supports and responds to questions while providing first level problem resolution where possiblePerforms preliminary triage and troubleshooting for business applications issues to provide analysis for root cause, identify initial course of action, monitor follow through actions, and ensure proper issue resolution.Successful incumbents will have: Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or closely related field preferred 3-5 years experience in applications development Domain/Functional knowledge related to logistics, distribution, supply chain, shipping, process manufacturing Technical Requirements include: Java J2EE, JDBC, Spring-MVC, Maven, Tomcat, Jenkins, ActiveMQ/messagingDatabases and reporting - SQL, SQLServer Stored Procedures, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Crystal reports, Business ObjectsWeb development HTML, CSS, Knockout, Angular JS, SignalR,TypeScript, AngularJs, JQuery, Html5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Sass, AjaxC#, ASP.NET MVC, TFS, Crystal Reports, SQL server Strong working knowledge of business applications development and support, spanning the full system development life cycle Capable of troubleshooting business applications, network and data problems Strong communication, analytical and customer service skills Ability to design, build and manage cross-application interfaces and integrating applications a plus Ability to design, build and manage distributed applications, remote systems, and messaging layers  CF Industries is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.  Employees in the US can learn more about their rights by viewing the federal "EEO is the Law" poster (PDF) and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement can be found on this link: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/PayTransparencyNondiscrimination.html.  If you need any assistance seeking a job opportunity at CF Industries, or if you need reasonable accommodation with the application process, please call 847-405-2400 or contact us at cfhire@cfindustries.com. JOIN OUR TALENT NETWORK
Job Summary Brierley+Partners is looking for a professional developer with 4+ years of experience building and supporting commercial software solutions using Microsoft and Oracle development tools and technologies. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Application design, development, unit testing and support using c# classes to customize our Loyalty product. Issue analysis/resolution, troubleshooting, root-cause analysis Delivering all required technical documentation Interacting with other Technology teams throughout software lifecycleRequired Experience and Skills .NET 4.0 and above C# ASP.NET N-tier and service-oriented architectures web services Oracle 10g/11g (preferred) and/or SQL Server 2005/2008Preferred Experience and Skills Experience in a formal development methodology– Agile/SCRUM, Iterative, Waterfall Unit testing frameworks such as NUnit Strong Object-Oriented Design and development skills Data modeling skills Stored procedure optimization skills Self-Starter Passion for learning / growth Strong self-assessment abilities, willingness to accept direction and advice Strong technical documentation skills Ability to work individually and on a small team of developers and analysts 4 year computer science or equivalent degree. Proven experience in delivering TPS reports on-time and under-budget

About Us: Chartboost is the worlds largest mobile games-only platform, helping developers grow their audience, monetize, and make better data-driven decisions. We work with 90% of the top-grossing iOS and Android game developers and are currently being leveraged by over 300,000 games, reaching 1 billion active players around the world every month. We offer a simple SDK enabling cross promotion, direct deals, and a mobile ad network - all with 100% transparency and full control for our users, empowering them to run campaigns when, where, and how they want.  We are proud of the product we have built and appreciate the impact it has on other people's businesses and lives. We want to be surrounded by people who are always finding opportunities to try something new and grow. We love data and anything that helps drive intelligent decisions and always design with the user in mind. Sounds like a fit? Join us, and be part of the team that will change the future of mobile gaming! Job Summary: Chartboost is a highly scalable, complex business with many moving parts. We are looking for a talented and motivated Software Development Engineer in Test to join our team. You will be responsible for ensuring the stability of the Chartboost Adserving product by building and maintaining automated testing frameworks with relevant tests, as well as manually testing new features when necessary. You will work side-by-side with the Product and Engineering teams as new features and improvements are developed, tested, and launched. The ideal candidate will complement our Engineering team to increase efficiency and overall productivity. Responsibilities:Building and maintaining frameworks (from scratch) for testing backend systems and REST APIs and validating the resulting data outputsCreating and maintaining lots of test dataImproving existing QA processes and implementing new onesCreating a Continuous Integration pipeline for testing new builds of our codeMonitoring, reporting on, and improving automated test coverage and effectivenessDocumenting product features and reporting test results to multiple stakeholdersSome manual testing will be requiredRequirements:BS in Computer Science or related technical discipline3+ years experience in an automated testing role3+ years experience with at least one object-oriented language, such as Java, Python, Ruby, etc. (Python strongly preferred)Experience doing data validation with different types of data structures and databasesMust have experience building scalable automation frameworks from scratch. Our product is highly complicated and complex to testExperience working with Web Service APIs and related technologies (REST, JSON, XML)Bash and basic Linux experienceKnowledge and experience of implementing continuous integration through Jenkins/Travis/AWSMust be highly responsible, self-disciplined, self-managed, self-motivated, and able to work with little or no supervisionPerks:The opportunity to help build a company with the founding teamStock Options - you will have a stake in the future success of ChartboostComprehensive medical, dental and vision insurance optionsCatered lunches and fully stocked kitchensCommuter Program and 401k savings planFlex Vacation personal time to refresh your mind/body/soul, spend time with loved ones and celebrate life events. There is no accrual or specific limit to the amount of time an employee may use
 We believe work is not a place, but rather a thing you do. Our technology revolves around this core philosophy. We are relentlessly committed to helping people work and play from anywhere, on any device. Innovation, creativity and a passion for ever-improving performance drive our company and our people forward. We empower the original mobile device: YOU! Location:Fort LauderdaleRequisition:R8555 Software Development Engineer 2, Graduate (Open)Job Posting Title:Software Development Engineer 2, GraduateJob Description:Primary Responsibilities:Interface with Product Managers, Support, and Operations to understand requirements for developing proof of concepts (prototypes) and final product features.Compose and maintain design specifications and component documents.Design alongside a team of engineers focusing on 'design first' thinking, incorporating different end user personas.Implement front end and back end business logic for new features (full stack development).Embrace Agile development methodologies (SCRUM, Kanban, etc.).Embrace and institute best practices and coding standards (e.g. code reviews, logging and instrumentation, unit tests) within the team.Understand and troubleshoot field/customer issues. Diagnose customer problems through systematic root cause analysis and institute preventive measures.Qualifications & Requirements:Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related fieldDemonstrates experience leading implementation of easy to moderate software developmentStrong knowledge of data structures and algorithms.Good .NET programming. Preferably C# (Strong Java or C++ skills are acceptable)Good web development skills. Preferably having focused skills in Javascript and AngularJS.Good understanding and application of scripting a core scripting language. Preferably PowerShell.Good database programming. Preferably a core understanding in document-oriented databases (SQL skills are acceptable).Good demonstration of developing modern web applications (designing modern REST based APIs, 3rd party integration, Web UI interactions, etc.).Good understanding of Operating Systems and Computer Networking.Some understanding of IIS and web service hosting is desirable.Some understanding of implementing web application security is desirable.Some experience with cloud computing technologies. Microsoft Azure or Amazon EC2 is desirable.Some knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory is desirable.Some knowledge of cryptography is desirable.Functional Area:Software DevelopmentAbout us: Citrix is a cloud company that enables mobile workstyles. We create a continuum between work and life by allowing people to work whenever, wherever, and however they choose. Flexibility and collaboration is what were all about. The Perks: We offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package. Youll enjoy our workstyle within an incredible culture. Well give you all the tools you need to succeed so you can grow and develop with us.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 Kyriba is the global leader in cloud-based treasury, cash and risk management solutions, delivering Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) financial technology to corporate CFOs and Treasurers. More than 1,800 global organizations use Kyriba to enhance their global cash visibility, improve financial controls, and increase productivity across their cash and liquidity, payments, supply chain finance and risk management operations. Kyriba is headquartered in New York, with offices in San Diego, Paris, London, Tokyo, Singapore, Dubai, Hong Kong, Shanghai and Rio de Janeiro. Kyriba added more than 230 new customer logos during the year and is growing at a fast pace!  Kyriba has more than 100 engineers between Paris & Minsk working on bringing technology innovations to our customers. We are a team of passionate people, very self-organized, agile, accountable, and highly motivated by financial matters and continuously improving the way we work.  As a senior full-stack Java developer with at least 3 to 5 years of experience in the FinTech industries, you will join a team working responsible for Risk components: pricing engines and accounting management. You will be responsible for architecting, designing and coding quality functionalities in tight collaboration with product managers. You enjoy working in a multi-cultural and international environment. You are a team player working actively within agile methodology, passionate and curious on latest technologies (micro-services, Angular 2, Spark etc…).  Key responsibilities and duties: Active in architecture definitionActive in sprint planningEnsuring all team deliver on commitments for each sprintDesigning components in collaboration with other scrum team membersDeveloping users stories selected during planning meeting with teamApplying all quality requirements to make his code production readyActive in a continuous improvement of the process, methodologies, technologies and practicesSupporting (level 3) team production deliveries Qualifications: Object oriented, multi-tiered, component based architecture.Very solid java experience (J2EE).Very solid SQL and noSQL knowledge.JBoss & Spring & JPA & GWT.The knowledge of Scala and functional programming is a plus.Agile/Scrum Software Development practice.Tools knowledge: Jenkins, Git, BitBucket, Gerrit, Gradle, Jira, Confluence, Sonar, Junit, IntelliJ …Effective communication skills in English, both verbal and written. Kyriba Culture and Values:  At Kyriba, we value a strong work culture and sense of community and ownership among our global team. We live by our “iCare” value system to demonstrate our care and commitment to our clients and to each other. In hiring, we look for candidates that are a strong fit with our culture and values, as well as bring the talent and experience required by the position. Innovation: We foster innovation and entrepreneurial thinking across our team by rewarding employees for their achievements and encouraging efficiency and continual process improvement.Client Success: Our passion is to enable our clients’ success. We do this by understanding their needs, and developing and managing solutions that provide them the insight to effectively drive decision making within their organizations.Accountability: We each take personal responsibility for our actions. We are committed to our own continuous improvement and we go the extra mile to meet our clients' needs.Respect: We respect each other’s ideas, efforts and commitments, and embrace our diverse cultures and points of view. We achieve our goals through teamwork, responsiveness, open communication and a positive attitude.Excellence: We strive for excellence in all that we do and bring the passion and commitment to deliver on our promises. We achieve excellence through leadership, teamwork, transparency and integrity, and we are committed to recognizing employee achievements. To learn more about Kyriba: Check out our Career page: http://www.kyriba.com/company/careersLike Kyriba on Facebook at facebook.com/kyribacorpFollow Kyriba on LinkedIn at linkedin.com/company/kyribacorporationFollow Kyriba on Twitter at twitter.com/kyribacorpRead Kyriba’s blog at kyriba.com/blog
Job SummaryWe deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance.Liberty Mutual s (LM) acquisition of Ironshore Inc. in May 2017 resulted in a new set of applications that need to be integrated into the overall LM/GS IT eco-system. The GS Ironshore IT integration team will provide the IT leadership to program-plan and execute the move to a single consolidated stack of GS IT solution across US and Non-US Ironshore businesses. In this role, you will have the opportunity to work in a fully scaled Agile environment and work with the Architects and Technical Leads to identify new tools to complete this high visibility project.Working closely with the Ironshore business and operation teams, required business capabilities and processes are currently being defined to create a multi-year IT integration plan that also will become the blueprint for future Global Specialty acquisitions. The Ironshore IT integration team will focus on end-to-end IT solutions across all functional areas, the respective data migration aspects as well as the change management PMO activities. The Principal Software Developer will be focused on the core design, development and testing activities related to migration of content and data from source to target systems to allow for the proper placement, access and retrieval across global users. The scope of responsibility will include development of turnkey solutions as well as configuration and scripting based on off the shelf tools.About the Job:Develops maintainable/scalable, effective, defect free source code that meets business requirements and team standards Conducts unit test case development Develops highly complex test scripts Conducts impact analysis Develops component design Develops system/application architectureSupports the production support transition and implementation phases; responsible for overall success of the project. Works within project team to lead iterative development that delivers a high quality product.Supports interactions with customers and development team to gather and define requirements.Develops and leads the production of support documentation.Leads functional/system integration testing support.Leads quality assurance architecture and design guide review; defects or discrepancies in requirements identified and resolved with appropriate partners.Plans work out appropriately, effectively communicates and responds to escalations/inquiries. Develops Build and Deployment guide. Identify and implements appropriate continuous improvement opportunities.Desired Skills:Bachelor's or Master's degree in technical or business discipline or equivalent experience, technical degree preferred. Generally 8+ years of professional experience. Highly proficient in software engineering languages and tools; ability to develop on multiple platforms. Java or .Net experienceJavaScriptMS SQL Server SSIS PackagesProficient in new and emerging technologies such as AWS and Cloud, DevOps, CI/CD and MicroServices.Experience in the Insurance and/or Claims industry is desirable.Experience with BI Analytics, Enterprise Content Management (ECM) and Agile methodologies is also nice to have.Strong negotiation, facilitation and consensus building skills. Strong oral and written communication skills; presentation skills.Extensive knowledge of the following: IT concepts, strategies, methodologies. Versed in diverse technologies and new technical architecture principles and concepts. Extensive knowledge in layered systems architectures solutions and designs and shared software concepts. Business function(s) and I/T industry business issues; extensive knowledge of business operations, strategies and objectives. Strong in multiple programming languages and tools.Extensive understanding of agile software development concepts and processes.Must be proactive, demonstrate initiative and be a logical thinker. Extensive consultative skills, including the ability to understand and apply customer requirements, including drawing out unforeseen implications and making recommendations for design, the ability to define design reasoning, understanding potential impacts of design requirements. Extensive understanding of backlog tracking, burndown metrics, and incremental delivery. Strong collaboration, prioritization, and adaptability skills required.We take care of our employeesWe strongly believe that a great job should keep you happy both at workand in life. Thats why we offer:Workplace Flexibility Wellness PerksCollaborative workspacesSit/stand desks Career development, programs and classesDiversity & Inclusion programs Commuter BenefitsAdoption AssistanceCollege Savings PlanEducation reimbursement Hackathon EventsLiberty Mutual was named as a 2016 Great Place to Work by Great Place to Work US. For more info about our benefits - https://www.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/working-here/benefits Learn more about Tech at Liberty Mutual - http://www.jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/technology-jobsCheck out our Tech at Liberty Mutual YouTube playlist - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxUNmyJ_IIGx9yoUJfQ8k5APAK3-KAa6j Job:  Technology Primary Location: United States-New Hampshire-PortsmouthSchedule: Full-timeSalary: $103,300-$133,700Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years)
 The Software Developer is responsible for developing, maintaining and deploying software systems utilized by the Synthetic Biology department. This role primarily handles manufacturing processes, and secondarily for internal web applications. Designs, develops and supports functional software to meet customer needs.Adheres to established software design, development, and project management methodologies.Communicates closely with customers to determine and gather business requirements.Analyzes and translates business requirements into functional software systems.Creates and maintains documentation pertaining to software development and projects.Works with database administrators to design relational databases.Works with customers to develop test plans and user acceptance test cases.Monitors and responds to software problems and work to resolve them as quickly as possible.Performs other duties as assigned.Education:Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education or relevant experience required; B.A. or B.S. in Computer Science, MIS, or related IT field preferred.Professional Experience:Two years of experience with a .Net language, C# preferred.Prior experience with current relational database product and experience with MS-SQL server preferred.Prior web development (ASP.Net, Knockout, Durandal, AngularJS, and Javascript) preferred.Other Job QualificationsAbility to develop software in a team environment.Ability to effectively communicate, both orally and in writing, to customers and colleagues.Ability to consistently manage multiple priorities and solve problems using critical thinking skills.Adaptability to perform under stress when confronted with critical, unusual, and situations requiring direct and immediate attention.Ability to maintain both a high standard of courtesy and cooperation in dealing with co-workers.Adaptability to accepting responsibility for the direction, control or planning of an activity. Integrated DNA Technologies is an equal employment and affirmative action employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
Job Qualifications:Aurora enables a high degree of execution authority and responsibility for its individual contributors. Virtually all Aurora engineers can point to one or more products and say "My work is on that UAV system". this position will design and develop flight or mission-critical onboard software for UAV systems. As part of a dynamic, multidisciplinary team, the candidate will participate hands-on in the full software life-cycle, from concept through implementation, integration all the way to flight test.Specifically the candidate will:Define, analyze and review software requirements to meet defined and anticipated customer needs and system quality and performance standards.Collaborate with other enigneering disciplines in planning, design and development of systems to ensure software and hardware performance and compatibilityDesign software architecture and interfaces and implement functionality using a model-based approach. Write test plans and test cases, conduct unit-, integration-, and system-level testing.Typical software functionality for a UAS includes guidance, navigation & control, mission sequencing, payload control, redundacy and contingency management, uplink and downlink packet encoding and decoding, converting between different serial protocols, hardware-in-the-loop simulation, ground based GUIs, and aircraft subsystem control (i.e., engine, electrical system, fuel system).Minimum Requirements:B.S. in Computer Science or applicable engineering or science field, Master's degree preferred.0 to 5 years of experience.Must be willing and able to be an active contributor (developer) in any of the software life-cycle phases.Must have at least one year of hands-on professional experience in at least one, ideally a combination, of the following areas: Model-based design and/or test using the Simulink/Stateflow tool chain.Software development in a relevant subject matter area: UAS or other robotic system guidance, navigation and control; ground- or airborne mission systems; general aerospace flight control or cockpit avionics systems; ground stations; payload control.Development/operations of hardware-in-the-loop simulators, conducting testing and troubleshooting of HW/SW interfaces.Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) applied to aerospace or military systems (C2, payload data, etc.)Demonstrated capability to have personally developed (i.e. modeled or written) production software within the last 12 months.Must be a US Person, minimum Green Card Holder.Must be willing to work under, and help refine, a defined software development process.Prior experience in any of the following areas is a plus. Work experience or internship with developing production software in an autonomous vehicle or robotics environment.Operating in a regulated development environment, like CMMI (level 3 or higher) or DO-178B. Aurora Flight Sciences is an Equal Opportunity Employer
 Software Development Manager POSITION PURPOSE: Plan, direct, and coordinate the technical design, development, and operation of information systems and technology solutions to meet business needs. Direct department staff including hiring, performance management and career development to ensure alignment with defined goalsPlan and integrate the daily activities of multiple teams, allocating resources within defined budgetsDevelop strategies for technology road maps and implement technology efficiency standards, including architecture, design, coding, testing, etc.Apply technical, architectural and process expertise to support development teams in delivering high-quality solutions according to published release schedules.Collaborate with product management and quality assuranceSKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, MIS, related field or equivalent experience.7+ years of developing complex Java enterprise software applications.5+ years of technical leadership experience, preferably in Agile EnvironmentRelational database experience, preferably SQL Server.Healthcare, insurance or related industry experience preferred. HIPAA format experience preferred. Please submit your resume to careers@casenetllc.com. Applicants must have unrestricted authorization to work in the United States.  All inquiries and responses are held in strictest confidence. Principals only, no agency or search referrals will be honored.  NOTE: This position qualifies for the Casenet, LLC Employee Referral Program. Please contact Human Resources for more information on how to refer candidates for this position.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
 At Ping Identity, we're changing the way people think about enterprise security technology. With our innovative Identity Defined Security platform, we're helping to build a borderless world where people have total freedom to work wherever and however they want. Without friction. Without fear.  We're headquartered in Denver, Colorado, and we have offices and employees around the globe. And we serve the largest, most demanding enterprises worldwide, including over half of the Fortune 100. Because even in the most complex enterprise environments, security shouldn't be a source of anxiety. It should be one of your greatest competitive advantages.  We call this digital freedom. And it's not just something we provide our customers. It's something that drives our company. People don't come here to join a culture that's build on digital freedom. They come to cultivate it.  As a Software Development intern, you’ll experience the entire product lifecycle from requirements through release. You’ll be using Java, Javascript, REST, JUnit, Jenkins, Maven and AWS to write and test code that will go into our commercial products. Upon completing your internship, you’ll have a basic understanding of our products, the technologies we use, and our processes and practices for getting things done within an Agile Software Development environment. You’ll interact with your teammates, product management, and the UI/UX Design team. Job Functions: Analyze and elaborate requirements Collaborate with team members and stakeholders to ensure that we all have a common understanding of the work to be accomplished Identify impacts of planned work on existing capabilities Planning and estimating work to be completed Software design and design reviews Coding and code reviews Test planning and test plan review Test case development Testing Test automation Defect fixing Verifying defect fixesEssential Qualifications: Enrolled in a technical degree program Must have completed Junior year degree requirements prior to the start of the internship Must be on track to graduate in 2018 or 2019 Industry experience (e.g., prior internship) in or successfully completed coursework in Java. Coursework must include a project in which you collaborated with your classmates to solve an interesting problem in software.Desired Qualifications: Javascript programming experience Experience with source code management system, preferably git
 Software Engineer Job#: 18-004 Posted: 01/17/2018 Job Type: Full Time Location: US-UT-Lehi Department: 400 - Development Category: Development Salary: Salary Benefits: Benefits Apply To This Job Return To List Job Description We are seeking a talented Software Engineerwith 3+ years of experience developing web-based applications using Java 8, JavaScript and HTML/CSS, ideally in an Agile development environment. You will be part of a team that is working with secure and scalable Cloud application design and web app development – experience in these areas is not required, but it helps.  What you'll need to know about this position: It’s challenging. You will not be doing the same thing continuously for months on end. Needs can (and do) change as technology advances. Growth into new areas or technologies is required of all employees, but especially those in R&D. Sometimes we rely on you bringing your outside interests and passions into the work you’re doing here.The product is complex. SirsiDynix offers a competitive suite of interdependent products that serve libraries of all types. As such, teams must be progressive in how they design and implement changes. Sometimes features must be designed around existing components or processes, which may require solving complex problems to meet the desired result.We’re not a startup. We have been around for more than 35 years, developing software and technical solutions for libraries throughout our history. We are not in an explosive growth period, but you will expand into new technologies and innovative solutions for an industry that reaches people of all socioeconomic levels, races and ethnicities, and geographic locations.You’ll be both master and student. You will, of course, have a lot to bring to the table and be able to pass along knowledge to other members of your team. But you will also be working with extremely talented and knowledgeable people at all levels. Processes and workflows within the library world make for a steep learning curve, and you’d need to be comfortable leaning on team members, both in and out of Software Development, for important information. What we're seeking in our next Software Engineer: Broad Software Development Knowledge. Our teams work with a variety of different technologies. Most essential for any new Software Engineers are the following:  3+ years of application development with Java Development of enterprise level applications with JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, HTML and XHTML Work with relational (Oracle, MS SQL, MySQL) and non-relational databases (NoSQL) Development of web applications using RESTful Web Services architecture/concepts Development for major operating systems (Linux and Windows)Academic Foundation. A strong academic foundation is important, as from an undergraduate degree program or other equivalent formal education in Computer Science or Software Engineering. About SirsiDynix...  At SirsiDynix, we make software for libraries. Libraries buy books from vendors, keep track of the books in their systems, and distribute the books to library users. The software we build helps them do that (and a lot more). We make products that:  Give libraries the power of cloud computing Make it easy for library users to check out ebooks Let libraries use new technology like tablets and smartphones Make searching the library as easy as searching Google or Amazon Give libraries innovative ways to increase budgets by offering new servicesSirsiDynix is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, sex, or age and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Apply To This Job
Fullstack Java Developer - Full TimeDescriptionIntertech - The Company Building Technology Smarter - is growing!We’re looking for for exceptional talent to be part of an exceptionally talented team!Would you like to show your skills?Work with the latest technologies in Java & Open Source Tools?Develop difference-making applications on Mission-Critical, Next-Generation Projects?Then join our award-winning team!ResponsibilitiesLeverage strong technical knowledge and experience in building dynamic applications in an Agile environmentContribute-to and implement aoo dev, dev ops and quality best practices for clients as well as with the Intertech TeamCross-collaborate with internal and external subject matter experts in developing, implementing best in market codeActively, creatively and effectively problem-solve application development challenges in partnership with high-caliber teamsDesign and develop effective code that meets and/or exceeds expectations for performance, quality, usability, scalability and impactLearn new technologies and tools so as to grow one's own skills within a supportive team that helps each other in order to best serve our clientsEmbody the Intertech brand through top quality results and great client relationshipsAssure our customers' successful growth through delivery of projectsRequirements3+ years of solid software development experienceDemonstrable ability to uphold Intertech’s values of attitude, commitment, and excellenceEffective understanding-of and experience-with development of enterprise applicationsFunctional knowledge of technologies such as: JEE, Hibernate, Spring, Web Services, JPA, Patterns/OO Design, and Web FrameworksSolid understaning and experience with some of the following:Java Programming, SE Spring: one or more of the following: spring core, spring mvc, spring batch, spring security, etc.JPA, Hibernate, EclipseLinkTesting frameworks, such as JUnit, TestNG, Selenium, Spock, CucumberHTML / CSS / JavaScriptJavaScript frameworks, such as AngularJS, JQuery, DojoDatabases, such as MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server, DB2, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Node4jXML / JSONTomcat, JBoss, Glassfish, WebsphereA bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field, or an equivalent amount of professional experienceWhy Intertech?Does business transparency, great work, a unique set of benefits, and a work/life flexibility sound good? If they do, we should talk.We actually take pride in making employees happy, as proven by our numerous employee satisfaction awards.Joining Intertech means joining an award-winning company culture, and working on great projects with great customers. We truly believe that our staff, our projects and our clients matter.Here are a few other fun benefits that come along with a job at Intertech:Cool Perks3-month paid sabbaticalsOpen and transparent communications within the firm which means you have a voice in the strategy and direction of the company$1500 home office setup stipendWork from home, when projects/clients allowFully stocked break rooms with free food and drinkQuarterly, catered company dinners and business reviewMonthly team barbecues and lunchesAn environment that allows staff growth personally and professional through challenging projectsThe BasicsFull medical, dental, long/short-term disability, and life insurance benefits401K with company matchPaid time off and sick timeBonuses for utilizationAnd more… (oh yeah, we've won a few awards too) Company AwardsThe Business Journal, Great Places to Work (13 time winner)Star Tribune, Top 100 Workplace (5 time winner)Minnesota Business Magazine, 100 Top Employers (5 time winner)Inc. 5000, One of the Fastest Growing Firms in America (7 time winner)Star Tribune, Top 100 Workplace Special Award Winner (Ethics)Intertech, Inc. is an Affirmative Action/Equal Employment Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.** No recruiters or placement firms please. Need More Reasons to Explore Intertech? Watch this:
 Buffalo Manufacturing Works, operated by EWI, helps innovation-driven organizations across North America excel by partnering with their internal manufacturing, engineering and R&D teams to deliver better products, grow, and compete. Located in Buffalo, New York, we are dedicated to building a nationally-recognized hub of manufacturing innovation and are looking for smart, passionate, entrepreneurial, inventive and driven people to help us achieve this goal.  We are currently looking to fill an engineering position that will specialize in leading the development of software for various advanced automation applications. As the software development leader, this person will be architecting and developing a modular and extensible platform that can be used in many applications as well as defining SW-life cycle processes that decrease time-to-market, decrease cost, and maximize quality. Technical and leadership skills will be applied across all life-cycle activities from understanding marketing requirements, defining product requirements, product definition, architecture & design, test and support. We are looking for energetic, self-starters who are interested in developing and applying new technologies that deliver value to manufacturers. Let us hear how you would shape the future of manufacturing.  Buffalo Manufacturing Works began as part of New York State Governor Andrew M. Cuomo’s Buffalo Billion Investment Development Plan. The groundbreaking Buffalo Billion initiative provided Buffalo Manufacturing Works with an investment of $45 million toward in a state-of-the-art facility, cutting-edge equipment and a staff specializing in three technology focus areas: advanced automation, metal additive manufacturing and metrology & inspection. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:Assumes technical leadership of software development for individual projectsRecommends coding standards and best practices for automation applications (examples include automated inspection, automated defect recognition, vision-guided applications)Develop and implement software life-cycle processesDevelops and contributes to applied research projects working with project managers, technicians, and engineers across other disciplines in the organizationLeverages, communicates, and organizes cross-departmental teams or engineers for development of new applications, testing, or other related project initiativesTroubleshoots manufacturing problems (data analysis, system analysis and process design)Stays current with industry trends and market information; maintain an understanding of client business challenges; and, demonstrate breadth and depth of knowledge to position and map capabilities that align to client business objectives and initiativesDevelops quantitative tools and software to improve, optimize, and increase reliability of existing industrial equipmentActively seeks-out various educational and training opportunities to keep current and demonstrate continuous growthKNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES:Strong programming skillset in Python and/or C++Development experience on Unix/Linux platformExposure to development for Robot Operating System (ROS)Working knowledge of developing software requirements, architecting and implementing software, debugging, writing design documentation, participating in design and code reviewsAbility to learn and assimilate knowledge of complex software and systemsExposure to and understanding of SCRUM methodologyDemonstrated knowledge of machine learning models and data analysisAbility to resolve complex issues in creative, efficient, and effective waysProficient written and verbal communication with customers both internal and externalAnalyzes and understands impact of individual contribution to project financial performanceProven adaptability and flexibility as a part of teamProven success in a team-oriented environmentAbility to maintain excellent customer relationships both internal and externalSelf-motivated, innovative, willing to pursue new technical areas and capable of working independentlyWillingness to travel periodically (10-15%) to customers and conferencesEDUCATION:B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering or other relevant engineering disciplineGraduate degree in relevant area of study is preferableEXPERIENCE:Five (5) or more years demonstrated software development experience requiredDevelopment experience in all life-cycle phase from requirements to concept and feasibility, architecture and design, implementation, test, build, ship and sustaining released productsExperience in developing software requirements, software architecture and design, implementation, test plan development and regression testingExperience developing life-cycle best practices, coding standards, testing standards, design reviews, code reviews and defect trackingDevelopment experience on Unix/Linux platform preferredIndustry experience with machine learning projects preferredExperience in development for Robot Operating System (ROS) preferredExperience with 2D/3D computer vision preferredPrevious exposure to Agile development methodologies including SCRUM, Feature-Driven Development, Business-driven development and risk-driven development preferredExperience selecting and managing 3rd party development partners preferredEOE/M/F/Disability/Protected Veteran StatusAccommodations Individuals who need reasonable accommodations under the ADA in order to participate in the search and/or application process should contact Human Resources at (614) 688-5000.
Are you excited to use technology to help people invest their hard-earned cash more effectively and profitably?  Great –- we are, too! Our purpose at The Motley Fool is to “Help the World Invest -- Better,” and if that tickles your innards as much as it does ours, you might be our Fool. We are seeking a software developer with experience building web applications from ORM to $document.ready(). You’ll work with our Motley team of programmers, designers, and experts in finance, law, and customer experience to bring new ideas from concept to finished product.  We’d love to work with you if: You solve problems: You spot issues and inefficiencies from a mile away and aren’t afraid to suggest solutions and then dive in to implement them. You know when to go looking for input from others, and are constantly looking for ways to improve our code, processes, and people.You pay attention to detail: Missed details erode accountability, and that hurts when customers are trusting us to manage and invest their hard-earned savings. You actively pull in other team members to review your code, and understand the value of testing when necessary.You’re curious and love to learn: Whether it’s the latest technology, how the Foolish business operates, or investing; you have an insatiable appetite for knowledge. And you love to share with your fellow Fools – dropping links in Slack is like breathing for you.You take pride in your work: The thought of a customer seeing a 500 error page keeps you up at night. When a member cancels, it brings a tear to your eye. You want to ensure that every customer has a great experience with The Motley Fool because of what you build. Requirements: Proficiency with at least one high-level programming language, we primarily use PythonExperience with a relational databaseExperience with HTML and CSS Additional nice to haves: Finance, investing or FinTech work experienceExperience with data analytics and quantitative/scientific computing using tools such as R or Pandas.Media or publishing work experiencePythonDjangoWagtailC#PostgresMicrosoft Sql ServerRedisWCAG AA 2.0CSS pre-processors (SASS, Less, etc.) Sounds like you? Awesome! We might have a bright future together – so go ahead and apply now!  The Motley Fool, Inc. provides equal opportunity to all employees on the basis of individual performance and qualification without regard to race, sex, marital status, religion, color, age, national origin, non-job-related handicap or disability, sexual orientation, or other protected factor.  We should, however, make you aware that there is one notable exception to this policy. It is our strict and earnest intention — and the company’s historical record will bear this out — we will never hire any of the following: robots, replicants, or morlocks. Now keep in mind we are well aware that all of the aforementioned have intentions of world domination in the future, but as of now we have no place for them at The Motley Fool … unless the year is 2122 and the revolution has already occurred. If that is the case we welcome our new robot, replicant, or morlock rulers!!! Perhaps we have said too much?
 Software Engineer Job Location  Cambridge, MA Req Number 2018-0082 Department  Process EngineeringApply NowOverview: Foundation Medicine is a molecular information company dedicated to a transformation in cancer care in which treatment is informed by a deep understanding of the genomic changes that contribute to each patient’s unique cancer. The company’s initial clinical product, FoundationOne™, is a fully informative genomic profile to identify a patient’s individual molecular alterations and match them with relevant targeted therapies and clinical trials. Foundation Medicine’s molecular information platform aims to improve day-to-day care for patients by serving the needs of clinicians, academic researchers and drug developers to help advance the science of molecular medicine in cancer. Responsibilities: The Software Engineer will develop custom applications that are tightly integrated with Foundation Medicine’s Clinical Laboratory LIMS system. Additionally, he or she will play a key role in defining and implementing a streamlined suite of applications to improve efficiency across laboratory workstreams, and improve visibility to lifecycle of a sample, it’s results, and data quality. This person selected for this position requires both strong coding skills as well as the ability to collaborate with cross functional teams. This position will be based in Cambridge, MA where we have built our state of the art next generation sequencing laboratories servicing all of our product lines. Design, develop, and maintain custom applications that integrate with LIMS and other business applications (CRM, Medical Reporting, Billing).Key contributor to design and implementation of future state laboratory systems data architecture and roadmapDefine and document architecture and functional and design requirementsInteract with internal customers to develop business requirementsWork with team to develop IQ and OQ documentation and execute testingConform to coding conventions and all aspects of the SDLC and change control and product release policiesParticipate in the continuous process improvement of Lab IT solutionsCollaborate with cross functional teams in Technology and the Product Development group.Develop, plan and recommend budget and staffing changes as required.Qualifications:3+ years experience object oriented programming.C#, ASP.NET, Python, Javacript, Node.js, React, Oracle, SQL.Agile development.Software development in a validated environment.Development of integrated tools to extend LIMS capabilities.Implementation of tools for data visualization across data sources.Experience capturing requirements from end users and developing formal technical specifications.Experience with Lab IT systems architecture and integration.Ability to manage multiple, concurrent initiatives, maintain own workflow and meet deadlines.Ability to work in a dynamic fast paced team environment.Education & Experience:BS in Computer Science, Life Sciences or Engineering.Working experience in a life sciences organization with Next Gen Sequencing and/or a clinical testing focus, a plus.Experience working in a regulated environment (SOX, HIPAA, CLIA, FDA).Given the above requirements for the role, the following competencies are essential:Thrives on challenge – Track record includes experiences where stretch goals were achieved.Communicates effectively and professionally with all members of the organization, customers and external contacts.Judgment – goes back to core values and first principles when making decisions.
Apple is looking for an experienced Software Developer for the Apple diagnostics team supporting both Macintosh and iOS Field diagnostics. In this position you will develop software for macOS, EFI, and iOS devices, as well as web driven interaction to help solve a wide-range of challenges for internal programs as well as direct customer support in Apple retail stores. This is your chance to join a team that has proven itself by delivering high-quality products in a timely manner. The successful candidate will be comfortable working in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Developing and fostering partnerships with the cross-functional teams is key to long-term success. The person filling this position must be a hands-on, pro-active, self-motivated developer with strong initiative and a desire to succeed in a challenging environment.Key Qualifications: •5+ years of SW development experience •Work experience in Apples developer tools and supported languages: Xcode, C, Objective C, Swift, C++ •Strong object oriented programming and design skills •Highly skilled in C & Swift / Objective-C. •Proficient in macOS or iOS development •Proficient in Python (or another scripting level language). •Proficient with Makefiles, bash, and other Unix development tools •Comfortable with git and other source version control software •Must be able to add to other programmers products, and create quality/readable code so other programmers can easily add to your products •Experience in low level driver development/debugging •Experience with macOS or iOS security models •Experience in hardware architecture •Excellent critical thinking skills •Ability to effectively work with cross functional teams to understand requirements and identify design and engineering impacts. •Self motivation is a big plus - ability to reach out to other engineering teams and follow up on technical issues required •Excellent communication skills (ability to communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience) •Hands-on, pro-active, self-motivated developer with strong initiative and a desire to succeed. •Must be comfortable working in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. •EFI experience a plus •MacOS Server experience a plus. •Networking and Database experience a plusDescription: Core Responsibilities: • Work with peers and technology teams to develop to develop the next generation Mac and iOS field diagnostic software • Define, design and expand the tools use in the verification and release of field diagnostics • Assist in analyzing, organizing and disposition diagnostic tool results • Write detailed technical specifications describing how new diagnostics have been implementedEducation: BS CS/CE/EE or equivalent work experience is required Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
UPS Capital Spring IT Software Development InternJob Summary The Software development Internships are full-time positions within UPS Capital. The interns will join the new software development and support teams, supporting the Insurance business operation. The interns will assist with analysis and resolution of defects reported by business. Interns will also work on new development for existing software platforms. Interns will participate in business meetings, prepare data analysis, participate in code reviews, present to senior managers, be assigned peer mentors, works with members of the business community and, get a chance to network with supervisors and managers, and receive meaningful evaluations. ResponsibilitiesUse Visual Studio for creation of front-end .Net applicationsProvide development support across all of UPS Capital’s internal systems (.Net and Windows)Work with development team to correct issues and maintain existing featuresDevelopment of improvements to our existing solutions as required by the companyAssist in the estimation of tasks, identify possible obstacles and propose appropriate solutionsFollow company software standards and change control guidelines in developing softwareDetect and predict code defects by peer reviewing codeCreate common SQL objects (Tables, Stored Procedures, Queries)Desired Experience and SkillsDemonstrates leadership attributes within classroom, projects and volunteeringDemonstrates a passion for software developmentDemonstrates the ability to solve problems quicklyAbility to maintain a professional manner at all timesDemonstrates attention to detailPossess strong verbal and written communication skillsDemonstrates the ability to communication with all levels of managementDemonstrates the ability to perform routine analysis, document approach and findings, and present resultsHas exposure to use of agile techniques.Minimum QualificationsMajoring in or have completed a degree in Computer Science or related field from an accredited universityExposure to developing in a Windows environmentExperience using Microsoft office products (Word, Excel, Visio, Powerpoint, Access, and Outlook)Understanding of basic web technology (.Net, C++, JavaScript)Has exposure to SQL ServerAble to work a minimum of 35-40 hours per week UPS is an equal opportunity employer – race/color/religion/sex/national origin/veteran/disability/sexual orientation/gender identity
 Company DescriptionAmerican Well, a national leader in the rapidly growing field of telehealth, seeks a highly motivated and professional Java Developer. We partner with the top health systems, health plans, employers, and digital health companies to deliver video doctor visits over mobile and web. We are changing the way healthcare is delivered by enabling every doctor to use telehealth with their patients, making care more accessible, affordable and convenient. Our goal is to bring care home. Brief Overview: The Java Developer will play a critical role in a fast-growing software company located in Boston's bustling financial district. We're looking for a full-time, Java developer to work on our web-based online health care solution. Our software combines the best elements of the web, video, and telephony to bring patients and health care providers together in innovative new ways.Job Description Design and implement new functionality for American Well's flagship Online Care Product.Engage in all aspects of release cycles including requirements review, work estimation, design, implementation, testing, and review.Work with QA to understand and resolve defects.Identify gaps in requirements or design, and present options to address them.Provide last-line support to the Hosting and Professional Services teams responsible for helping our customers reach their goals. Qualifications· Excellent oral and written communication skills.  · 3+ years of server-side Java development experience.  · 1+ years of experience with HTML/CSS/JavaScript.  · Thorough knowledge of SQL and relational database concepts. Oracle preferred.  · B, S. or equivalent degree in Computer Science or related field.  · Effective time management skills with the ability to juggle multiple tasks and shifting requirements.  · Spring and Hibernate experience a plus.  · Authorized to work in the U.S. without sponsorship.Additional Information Your Team: Should you join American Well and the Engineering team, you can expect:  The development organization is a multi-disciplinary team of engineers dedicated to creating a state of the art TeleHealth experience on every platform we can get our hands on. Our cross-functional teams follow a pragmatic Agile methodology as we balance feature requests, strategic initiatives, tech debt, and exciting partnerships on the path to delivering a market leading product to a quickly growing customer base. We work hand in hand with the whole American Well organization to ensure that our product meets the needs of all of our users.  Whether youre an advocate for the latest and greatest iOS and Android features, are committed to the ideal back-end architecture, or are dedicated to providing the best web usability, we have a place for you on our team. Working at American Well American Well is changing how care is delivered through online and mobile technology. We make online doctor visits accessible to everyone for one-off care issues like colds or infections, and chronic condition management, such as diabetes or depression. We make the hard work of healthcare look easy and that requires a mission-driven mentality. Were a go getter culture that pride itself on smarts, initiative, creative thinking, and a strong work ethic.  Our corporate headquarters are located in downtown Boston at 75 State Street in the heart of the city. In addition to the opportunity to build the future of healthcare technology and a great location, we offer:  • Three weeks of vacation time  • 401K match  • Competitive healthcare, dental and vision insurance plans  • Free gym access on-site  • Drop-off/pick up dry cleaning service  • Prime office space with views overlooking all of Boston  • Complimentary snacks and drinks
Description:The Advanced Solutions Group (ASG) is seeking a Software Developer in Aurora, Colorado to support maintenance and development for a real-time operational SIGINT processing system. The applications are implemented in C++ and Java, with development managed by an established and successful software development team with good customer visibility. The candidate must possess an active TS/SCI security clearance to be considered for the position.  The candidate will be responsible for software design, development, integration, and testing within an existing software processing architecture. The candidate will implement software changes to develop new capabilities, enhance existing capabilities, and resolve issues with existing capabilities. The software development environment is based on agile methodologies, so the ideal candidate will have experience working in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity with continuous integration models, unit test development, and automated regression testing approaches is highly desirable. In addition to working with other software developers, the candidate will interface with project managers, systems engineers, and customers on a regular basis, so good communications skills are a must.  Roles and Responsibilities: Attend weekly developer meetings to participate in software ticket prioritization and assignmentCommunicate status via software ticket tracking tool (currently Trac)Develop software in a Linux environment (currently RedHat / CentOS)Test software using a variety of tools prior to commitment to software baselineUtilize software version control (currently Subversion)Potential for direct customer support via weekly telecons  External Referral EligibleQualifications:Qualifications: To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below BS Degree in Computer Science or equivalent with 10+ years of software development experience using one or more object oriented programming languages such as C++ or JavaLinux (RedHat / CentOS or equivalent)Scripting Perl / Python or equivalentStrong verbal and written communications skills are required, as well as the ability to maintain professionalism in a diverse customer environmentMust have a current and active TS/SCI security clearance  Preferred Qualifications: Candidates with these desired skills will be given preferential consideration GWT / VAADIN UI toolkitsPostgreSQL (or equivalent)ActiveMQHTTPD and website maintenancePKI management and user authenticationSIGINT processing experienceLeidos Overview: Leidos is a global science and technology solutions leader working to solve the worlds toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The companys 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported pro forma annual revenues of approximately $10 billion for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2016 after giving effect to the recently completed combination of Leidos with Lockheed Martin's Information Systems & Global Solutions business (IS&GS). For more information, visit www.Leidos.com. The companys diverse employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. Leidos will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment in accordance with relevant Laws. Leidos is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Job Summary The AX Developer will be responsible for all phases of software development, including business requirements, design, coding, testing, documentation, deployment, and production support for the Dynamics AX system. This individual will be a member of a small, talented development team focused on delivering high quality enterprise caliber systems on the Microsoft platform, primarily in Microsoft Dynamics AX, X++, SSRS, MSSQL Server. Primary responsibilities will be to execute the design, estimate the project and drive the system development and implementation efforts of project initiatives. This position will work closely with the department Director and team Technical Leads to ensure compliance of standards and alignment with the strategic approach of the Information Service department. Essential Job Duties and ResponsibilitiesDevelopment The developer is responsible for driving development efforts for enhancement and maintenance of Dynamics AX and associated linkage to third party system including internally developed applications utilizing object oriented design techniques and department coding standards. This role will be strongly proficient with the AX application and database structure, effectively and clearly communicates with internal and external end-users, and provides clear and timely communication to the team and the project manager on development progress and obstacles.Testing & Deployments Creates and executes application and deployment testing through the creation of unit tests, functional and smoke testing for deployment validation. The developer will create change management requests for implementations of new code versions into production, seeking appropriate business and management approvals and coordinating with the project manager.Performance Responsible for actively monitoring the overall performance of the Dynamics AX application stack. Including the main application, SQL Server, database configuration, POS system. Will also include troubleshooting application connectivity between Ohio, Illinois and New York.Production Support, Misc. and Other Duties as Required Responsible for providing production support of the Dynamics AX system, integrated third party systems, and internal business applications ensuring high availability, data consistency and accuracy of information. Closely monitors AX and batch stream performance meeting or exceeding established service levels for business systems data availability. Responsible for participating in overnight and weekend on call support rotation resolving business outages or impacts as needed.Required QualificationsEducation, Licensing, Certification, and ExperienceBachelors degree in IS or related industry experience1-3 years of Dynamic AX development experience in medium to large size corporate environments with increasing levels of responsibility and complexity of projects and applications3-5 years of experience designing and developing with SQL Server.Knowledge, Skills, and AbilitiesMust be extremely proficient in Microsoft X++ development.Experience using AIF to integrate AX with external systems.Proficient with security development techniques.Ability to design and develop reports using SSRS development tools.Ability to debug the AX application stack on the fly in order to resolve production based issues related to data.Proficient with defining and estimating project tasks.Collaborative approach to design issues and problem solvingStrong ability to balance multiple project initiatives concurrentlyStrong knowledge and experience with all project life-cycle phases including overall system designStrong written and verbal communication skillsAbility to integrate procedural steps and processes with technical requirements and system functions to assure successful delivery of work.Strong analytical thinking and problem solving skillsAbility to work well within a team environment; contribute positively etc.Experience with Continuous Integration and Source Control tools and methodologies.Commitment to quality and excellent customer service to end usersPerforms application debugging, programming, test case development, and testing of applications.Proficient with word processing (Microsoft Word), Visio, Internet browsers, and email.Preferred QualificationsEducation, Licensing, Certification, and ExperienceMicrosoft AX certifications preferred.Experience in C#.Experience designing complex systems.Hammacher Schlemmer, a well-recognized, upscale consumer catalog since 1848, brings the Best, the Only, and the Unexpected innovative products to our valued customers. We offer fine apparel, high quality electronics, exceptional furnishings for home and office, durable utility goods, and a unique selection of thoughtful gifts for adults and children. Benefits: Our company is wholly owned by our employees through an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) that allows you to not only derive the benefits of working as an employee at Hammacher Schlemmer, but also gain the benefits of being an owner. We also offer: A Business Casual Work Environment, Health and Dental Insurance, Life Insurance, Disability Insurance, Paid Time Off (PTO) Program, Direct Deposit, Credit Union, Flexible Spending Accounts, Employee Assistance Program, Employee Referral Bonus Program, 401(k), Profit Sharing, Tuition Reimbursement, Onsite Cafeteria, Onsite Fitness Center, Product Discounts and more! Hammacher Schlemmer is an Equal Opportunity Employer
 KNAPP was founded in Austria in 1952, and has 3350 employees worldwide, 2200 employees in Austria and around 1700 employees in Headquarter in Graz, Austria.  Additionally, KNAPP has a global network of company locations from Sydney to Buenos Aires and the office for North America is in Kennesaw, GA.  KNAPP provides intralogistics solutions to customers’ worldwide including conveyor- and material handling systems, semi-automatic picking and storage system using shuttle technology, fully automated picking robots and much more. A permanent element of the corporate strategy is continually striving in the areas of further development and research. KNAPP IS A WORLDWIDE LEADER IN WAREHOUSE AND DISTRIBUTION CENTER AUTOMATION. KNAPP has been developing comprehensive material handling and software solutions for more than four generations. Solutions that give our clients a competitive edge that helps achieve industry-leading results. By combining state-of-the-art software with unique picking and storage technology, KNAPP develops the perfect high-performance automated material handling solution. Customized to suit not only specific industries, but the individual goals of every client we serve throughout the United States and Canada.  KNAPP continues a tradition of excellence by helping our customers quickly and efficiently manage internal processes that increase accuracy, reduce inventory costs, and improve customer service. From accurate and safe pharmacy automation solutions to innovative systems for audio/video, pharmaceutical wholesale distribution, health, beauty and cosmetics and more. Job Summary: The holder of this position is a member of the Software Engineer team at KNAPP. This position requires excellent communication skills (both written and verbal), strong analytical skills, and a fundamental knowledge of warehousing/distribution logistics concepts and trade-offs. Competences Needed for the Job:Obtaining information from Project Management, Product Management, Project Planning, Software Development, Sales, partner companies and all KNAPP employees involved in the order executionIndependent agreement of the information technology solution with the customer (Requirement Specification document and host protocol document) in coordination with project management and project planningAcceptance and assessment of factory test and internal acceptance testsCreating development requestsOffering support and guidance to new employees during the early employment period (Mentor)Objective:Detailed preparation of the solution concept selected in the design phase as the basis for the order executionDevelopment of control engineering solutions for the requirements of our customers using information technologyOffering support and guidance to new employees during the early employment periodShare skills and experience with employees of the department.Responsibilities and Functions:Customer communication / Clarification of detailsCreating interface documentCreate specification sheetCreate internal documents for project-executing departmentsCreate test plans (factory tests, internal and customer-specific acceptance tests)Factory acceptance testing and internal testingCreate development requestsConvocation and participation in planning meetings (with ME, HW, EL planning)Support of project-implementing departments (Planning, Development, Commissioning, etc.)Continuous updating of customer specific SW-documents during order execution. Integration of change requests.Check the layout for the feasibility of the software processesSupport Project ManagementIndication of any deviations from the original scope of supplyCoordinate customer projects with SW suppliersSupport new employeesImprove planning documentsCandidates Profile:Education:Engineering Master’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or similar fieldsEngineering degree in Logistics (beneficial)Technical Background:Sound understanding of system components of KNAPP-Group (Function, SW, HW)Sound understanding of complex processes in the workflow of our customersSound understanding for integration possibilities of the KNAPP system into customer environmentAbility to plan and hold meetings (with planning team and with customers)Computer skills (MS Office, KNAPP-internal tools)Language skills (English mandatory, additional languages beneficial)We offer:Premium Health InsuranceDental InsurancePaid Vacation & 9 HolidaysRetirement PlanFlexible Spending AccountLife InsuranceShort & Long Term DisabilityEmployee Assistance ProgramCompany Events & outings
Job Overview As the SQL Developer, you will be responsible for the development of all phases in SQL, T-SQL, relational database programming/design, and SSRS reporting. You will also be responsible for providing database and application solution strategy, technical design, architecture, and support carrying out the implementation of enterprise application development and data integration deliverables. Day in the Life of:You will diagnose, triage and correct, MS SQL Server deficiencies, including, but not limited to, performance, misconfigurations, and incorrect data structures.You will write stored procedures, table alterations, functions, views, selects, inner and outer joins, SSIS packages and SSRS Reports.You will optimize and administer current queries, including generation of version update scripts.You will configure and promote objects through development to production using version control system.You will convert business requirements to system design.You will own the database schema, which designates responsibility for its design (both current and planned improvement).You will be responsible for designing, coding, and implementing database solutions using modern techniques and programming languages, including table design, stored procedures, and overall best practice methodologies.You will work harmoniously in a cross-functional team comprised of managers, supervisors, business analysts, and other developers to ensure the delivery of software solutions as planned.You will interact with programmers as a SQL Expert.You will design database schema based on data modeling of business requirements and entities.You will design and develop data integration using SSIS and Stored Procedures.You will create, modify, read and understand stored procedures.You will create, modify and troubleshoot SQL jobs.You will develop, optimize and execute complex SQL queries from diverse data sets.You will perform code reviews, analyze execution plans, and refactor inefficient code.You will collect and review database performance metrics and proactively address performance concerns.You will work closely with systems and development teams and provide technical expertise where needed.You will be able to quickly understand and resolve issues, mitigate risks and dependencies and the ability to drive projects to completion.You will identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.You will work with team leads to prioritize business and information needs.Our Ideal Candidate:Has a bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or closely related field (Masters degree preferred)Has a minimum 5+ years of experience as a MS SQL programmer in a fast-paced dynamic environment using a structured software development methodologyHas experience designing and implementing large-scale database solutions that are reliable, scalable, and perform at high levelsHas experience with SSAS and 3 dimensional SQL cubesHas working knowledge of security and privacy issues, SQL 2016, and SQL 2014.Has experience in conceptual data modelingHas experience with JSON, XML, REST APIsIs an expert in translating business requirements to project design, development, and executionHas strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracyCan clearly communicate capabilities, opportunities, and recommendations to both technical and nontechnical audiencesIs confident enough to handle the project single handedly and take direction from the business.Has C# / .Net coding skills...should be strong enough to support applications and make coding changes as needed.Has some reporting skills with SSRS (Tableau,etc., preferred)
 Why Work at Dell? Endless challenges and rewards. Opportunities on six continents. A team of colleagues fueled by collaboration. All this, and a company deeply committed to integrity and responsibility. Primary Responsibilities: Assist in development of feature definition and product scoping Development of high level and low level design documentation for solutions Providing technical leadership to product engineering teams including contributing to product development Cross-organization engagement to develop integrated, differentiated solutions Proficiency in: Low level programming in C# (and C++) GUI development (XAML, WPF, etc.) Industry initiatives such as DASH, TruManage, and vPro PC Imaging technologies Industry leading console solutions such as Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager SW Design Principles Awareness of: Using standard software development tools such as IDE and Command Line Development Environments, Issue Tracking, Source Control, and Automated Build Scripts Systems Management for Windows Operating systems including Group Policy, Active Directory, etc. COM, WMI programming UEFI / BIOS Agile SW Development Methodology Leading a SW development team Proficiency in: Low level programming in C# (and C++) GUI development (XAML, WPF, etc.) Industry initiatives such as DASH, TruManage, and vPro PC Imaging technologies Industry leading console solutions such as Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager SW Design Principles Awareness of: Using standard software development tools such as IDE and Command Line Development Environments, Issue Tracking, Source Control, and Automated Build Scripts Systems Management for Windows Operating systems including Group Policy, Active Directory, etc. COM, WMI programming UEFI / BIOS Agile SW Development Methodology Leading a SW development team
Job Summary Brierley+Partners is looking for a professional developer with 4+ years of experience building and supporting commercial software solutions using Microsoft and Oracle development tools and technologies. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Application design, development, unit testing and support using c# classes to customize our Loyalty product. Issue analysis/resolution, troubleshooting, root-cause analysis Delivering all required technical documentation Interacting with other Technology teams throughout software lifecycleRequired Experience and Skills .NET 4.0 and above C# ASP.NET N-tier and service-oriented architectures web services Oracle 10g/11g (preferred) and/or SQL Server 2005/2008Preferred Experience and Skills Experience in a formal development methodology– Agile/SCRUM, Iterative, Waterfall Unit testing frameworks such as NUnit Strong Object-Oriented Design and development skills Data modeling skills Stored procedure optimization skills Self-Starter Passion for learning / growth Strong self-assessment abilities, willingness to accept direction and advice Strong technical documentation skills Ability to work individually and on a small team of developers and analysts 4 year computer science or equivalent degree. Proven experience in delivering TPS reports on-time and under-budget
About Us: Chartboost is the worlds largest mobile games-only platform, helping developers grow their audience, monetize, and make better data-driven decisions. We work with 90% of the top-grossing iOS and Android game developers and are currently being leveraged by over 300,000 games, reaching 1 billion active players around the world every month. We offer a simple SDK enabling cross promotion, direct deals, and a mobile ad network - all with 100% transparency and full control for our users, empowering them to run campaigns when, where, and how they want.  We are proud of the product we have built and appreciate the impact it has on other people's businesses and lives. We want to be surrounded by people who are always finding opportunities to try something new and grow. We love data and anything that helps drive intelligent decisions and always design with the user in mind. Sounds like a fit? Join us, and be part of the team that will change the future of mobile gaming! Job Summary: Chartboost is a highly scalable, complex business with many moving parts. We are looking for a talented and motivated Software Development Engineer in Test to join our team. You will be responsible for ensuring the stability of the Chartboost Adserving product by building and maintaining automated testing frameworks with relevant tests, as well as manually testing new features when necessary. You will work side-by-side with the Product and Engineering teams as new features and improvements are developed, tested, and launched. The ideal candidate will complement our Engineering team to increase efficiency and overall productivity. Responsibilities:Building and maintaining frameworks (from scratch) for testing backend systems and REST APIs and validating the resulting data outputsCreating and maintaining lots of test dataImproving existing QA processes and implementing new onesCreating a Continuous Integration pipeline for testing new builds of our codeMonitoring, reporting on, and improving automated test coverage and effectivenessDocumenting product features and reporting test results to multiple stakeholdersSome manual testing will be requiredRequirements:BS in Computer Science or related technical discipline3+ years experience in an automated testing role3+ years experience with at least one object-oriented language, such as Java, Python, Ruby, etc. (Python strongly preferred)Experience doing data validation with different types of data structures and databasesMust have experience building scalable automation frameworks from scratch. Our product is highly complicated and complex to testExperience working with Web Service APIs and related technologies (REST, JSON, XML)Bash and basic Linux experienceKnowledge and experience of implementing continuous integration through Jenkins/Travis/AWSMust be highly responsible, self-disciplined, self-managed, self-motivated, and able to work with little or no supervisionPerks:The opportunity to help build a company with the founding teamStock Options - you will have a stake in the future success of ChartboostComprehensive medical, dental and vision insurance optionsCatered lunches and fully stocked kitchensCommuter Program and 401k savings planFlex Vacation personal time to refresh your mind/body/soul, spend time with loved ones and celebrate life events. There is no accrual or specific limit to the amount of time an employee may use
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
Job SummaryWe deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance.Liberty Mutual s (LM) acquisition of Ironshore Inc. in May 2017 resulted in a new set of applications that need to be integrated into the overall LM/GS IT eco-system. The GS Ironshore IT integration team will provide the IT leadership to program-plan and execute the move to a single consolidated stack of GS IT solution across US and Non-US Ironshore businesses. In this role, you will have the opportunity to work in a fully scaled Agile environment and work with the Architects and Technical Leads to identify new tools to complete this high visibility project.Working closely with the Ironshore business and operation teams, required business capabilities and processes are currently being defined to create a multi-year IT integration plan that also will become the blueprint for future Global Specialty acquisitions. The Ironshore IT integration team will focus on end-to-end IT solutions across all functional areas, the respective data migration aspects as well as the change management PMO activities. The Principal Software Developer will be focused on the core design, development and testing activities related to migration of content and data from source to target systems to allow for the proper placement, access and retrieval across global users. The scope of responsibility will include development of turnkey solutions as well as configuration and scripting based on off the shelf tools.About the Job:Develops maintainable/scalable, effective, defect free source code that meets business requirements and team standards Conducts unit test case development Develops highly complex test scripts Conducts impact analysis Develops component design Develops system/application architectureSupports the production support transition and implementation phases; responsible for overall success of the project. Works within project team to lead iterative development that delivers a high quality product.Supports interactions with customers and development team to gather and define requirements.Develops and leads the production of support documentation.Leads functional/system integration testing support.Leads quality assurance architecture and design guide review; defects or discrepancies in requirements identified and resolved with appropriate partners.Plans work out appropriately, effectively communicates and responds to escalations/inquiries. Develops Build and Deployment guide. Identify and implements appropriate continuous improvement opportunities.Desired Skills:Bachelor's or Master's degree in technical or business discipline or equivalent experience, technical degree preferred. Generally 8+ years of professional experience. Highly proficient in software engineering languages and tools; ability to develop on multiple platforms. Java or .Net experienceJavaScriptMS SQL Server SSIS PackagesProficient in new and emerging technologies such as AWS and Cloud, DevOps, CI/CD and MicroServices.Experience in the Insurance and/or Claims industry is desirable.Experience with BI Analytics, Enterprise Content Management (ECM) and Agile methodologies is also nice to have.Strong negotiation, facilitation and consensus building skills. Strong oral and written communication skills; presentation skills.Extensive knowledge of the following: IT concepts, strategies, methodologies. Versed in diverse technologies and new technical architecture principles and concepts. Extensive knowledge in layered systems architectures solutions and designs and shared software concepts. Business function(s) and I/T industry business issues; extensive knowledge of business operations, strategies and objectives. Strong in multiple programming languages and tools.Extensive understanding of agile software development concepts and processes.Must be proactive, demonstrate initiative and be a logical thinker. Extensive consultative skills, including the ability to understand and apply customer requirements, including drawing out unforeseen implications and making recommendations for design, the ability to define design reasoning, understanding potential impacts of design requirements. Extensive understanding of backlog tracking, burndown metrics, and incremental delivery. Strong collaboration, prioritization, and adaptability skills required.We take care of our employeesWe strongly believe that a great job should keep you happy both at workand in life. Thats why we offer:Workplace Flexibility Wellness PerksCollaborative workspacesSit/stand desks Career development, programs and classesDiversity & Inclusion programs Commuter BenefitsAdoption AssistanceCollege Savings PlanEducation reimbursement Hackathon EventsLiberty Mutual was named as a 2016 Great Place to Work by Great Place to Work US. For more info about our benefits - https://www.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/working-here/benefits Learn more about Tech at Liberty Mutual - http://www.jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/technology-jobsCheck out our Tech at Liberty Mutual YouTube playlist - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxUNmyJ_IIGx9yoUJfQ8k5APAK3-KAa6j Job:  Technology Primary Location: United States-New Hampshire-PortsmouthSchedule: Full-timeSalary: $103,300-$133,700Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years)
Job Qualifications:Aurora enables a high degree of execution authority and responsibility for its individual contributors. Virtually all Aurora engineers can point to one or more products and say "My work is on that UAV system". this position will design and develop flight or mission-critical onboard software for UAV systems. As part of a dynamic, multidisciplinary team, the candidate will participate hands-on in the full software life-cycle, from concept through implementation, integration all the way to flight test.Specifically the candidate will:Define, analyze and review software requirements to meet defined and anticipated customer needs and system quality and performance standards.Collaborate with other enigneering disciplines in planning, design and development of systems to ensure software and hardware performance and compatibilityDesign software architecture and interfaces and implement functionality using a model-based approach. Write test plans and test cases, conduct unit-, integration-, and system-level testing.Typical software functionality for a UAS includes guidance, navigation & control, mission sequencing, payload control, redundacy and contingency management, uplink and downlink packet encoding and decoding, converting between different serial protocols, hardware-in-the-loop simulation, ground based GUIs, and aircraft subsystem control (i.e., engine, electrical system, fuel system).Minimum Requirements:B.S. in Computer Science or applicable engineering or science field, Master's degree preferred.0 to 5 years of experience.Must be willing and able to be an active contributor (developer) in any of the software life-cycle phases.Must have at least one year of hands-on professional experience in at least one, ideally a combination, of the following areas: Model-based design and/or test using the Simulink/Stateflow tool chain.Software development in a relevant subject matter area: UAS or other robotic system guidance, navigation and control; ground- or airborne mission systems; general aerospace flight control or cockpit avionics systems; ground stations; payload control.Development/operations of hardware-in-the-loop simulators, conducting testing and troubleshooting of HW/SW interfaces.Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) applied to aerospace or military systems (C2, payload data, etc.)Demonstrated capability to have personally developed (i.e. modeled or written) production software within the last 12 months.Must be a US Person, minimum Green Card Holder.Must be willing to work under, and help refine, a defined software development process.Prior experience in any of the following areas is a plus. Work experience or internship with developing production software in an autonomous vehicle or robotics environment.Operating in a regulated development environment, like CMMI (level 3 or higher) or DO-178B. Aurora Flight Sciences is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
 Software Engineer Job#: 18-004 Posted: 01/17/2018 Job Type: Full Time Location: US-UT-Lehi Department: 400 - Development Category: Development Salary: Salary Benefits: Benefits Apply To This Job Return To List Job Description We are seeking a talented Software Engineerwith 3+ years of experience developing web-based applications using Java 8, JavaScript and HTML/CSS, ideally in an Agile development environment. You will be part of a team that is working with secure and scalable Cloud application design and web app development – experience in these areas is not required, but it helps.  What you'll need to know about this position: It’s challenging. You will not be doing the same thing continuously for months on end. Needs can (and do) change as technology advances. Growth into new areas or technologies is required of all employees, but especially those in R&D. Sometimes we rely on you bringing your outside interests and passions into the work you’re doing here.The product is complex. SirsiDynix offers a competitive suite of interdependent products that serve libraries of all types. As such, teams must be progressive in how they design and implement changes. Sometimes features must be designed around existing components or processes, which may require solving complex problems to meet the desired result.We’re not a startup. We have been around for more than 35 years, developing software and technical solutions for libraries throughout our history. We are not in an explosive growth period, but you will expand into new technologies and innovative solutions for an industry that reaches people of all socioeconomic levels, races and ethnicities, and geographic locations.You’ll be both master and student. You will, of course, have a lot to bring to the table and be able to pass along knowledge to other members of your team. But you will also be working with extremely talented and knowledgeable people at all levels. Processes and workflows within the library world make for a steep learning curve, and you’d need to be comfortable leaning on team members, both in and out of Software Development, for important information. What we're seeking in our next Software Engineer: Broad Software Development Knowledge. Our teams work with a variety of different technologies. Most essential for any new Software Engineers are the following:  3+ years of application development with Java Development of enterprise level applications with JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, HTML and XHTML Work with relational (Oracle, MS SQL, MySQL) and non-relational databases (NoSQL) Development of web applications using RESTful Web Services architecture/concepts Development for major operating systems (Linux and Windows)Academic Foundation. A strong academic foundation is important, as from an undergraduate degree program or other equivalent formal education in Computer Science or Software Engineering. About SirsiDynix...  At SirsiDynix, we make software for libraries. Libraries buy books from vendors, keep track of the books in their systems, and distribute the books to library users. The software we build helps them do that (and a lot more). We make products that:  Give libraries the power of cloud computing Make it easy for library users to check out ebooks Let libraries use new technology like tablets and smartphones Make searching the library as easy as searching Google or Amazon Give libraries innovative ways to increase budgets by offering new servicesSirsiDynix is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, sex, or age and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Apply To This Job
 Buffalo Manufacturing Works, operated by EWI, helps innovation-driven organizations across North America excel by partnering with their internal manufacturing, engineering and R&D teams to deliver better products, grow, and compete. Located in Buffalo, New York, we are dedicated to building a nationally-recognized hub of manufacturing innovation and are looking for smart, passionate, entrepreneurial, inventive and driven people to help us achieve this goal.  We are currently looking to fill an engineering position that will specialize in leading the development of software for various advanced automation applications. As the software development leader, this person will be architecting and developing a modular and extensible platform that can be used in many applications as well as defining SW-life cycle processes that decrease time-to-market, decrease cost, and maximize quality. Technical and leadership skills will be applied across all life-cycle activities from understanding marketing requirements, defining product requirements, product definition, architecture & design, test and support. We are looking for energetic, self-starters who are interested in developing and applying new technologies that deliver value to manufacturers. Let us hear how you would shape the future of manufacturing.  Buffalo Manufacturing Works began as part of New York State Governor Andrew M. Cuomo’s Buffalo Billion Investment Development Plan. The groundbreaking Buffalo Billion initiative provided Buffalo Manufacturing Works with an investment of $45 million toward in a state-of-the-art facility, cutting-edge equipment and a staff specializing in three technology focus areas: advanced automation, metal additive manufacturing and metrology & inspection. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:Assumes technical leadership of software development for individual projectsRecommends coding standards and best practices for automation applications (examples include automated inspection, automated defect recognition, vision-guided applications)Develop and implement software life-cycle processesDevelops and contributes to applied research projects working with project managers, technicians, and engineers across other disciplines in the organizationLeverages, communicates, and organizes cross-departmental teams or engineers for development of new applications, testing, or other related project initiativesTroubleshoots manufacturing problems (data analysis, system analysis and process design)Stays current with industry trends and market information; maintain an understanding of client business challenges; and, demonstrate breadth and depth of knowledge to position and map capabilities that align to client business objectives and initiativesDevelops quantitative tools and software to improve, optimize, and increase reliability of existing industrial equipmentActively seeks-out various educational and training opportunities to keep current and demonstrate continuous growthKNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES:Strong programming skillset in Python and/or C++Development experience on Unix/Linux platformExposure to development for Robot Operating System (ROS)Working knowledge of developing software requirements, architecting and implementing software, debugging, writing design documentation, participating in design and code reviewsAbility to learn and assimilate knowledge of complex software and systemsExposure to and understanding of SCRUM methodologyDemonstrated knowledge of machine learning models and data analysisAbility to resolve complex issues in creative, efficient, and effective waysProficient written and verbal communication with customers both internal and externalAnalyzes and understands impact of individual contribution to project financial performanceProven adaptability and flexibility as a part of teamProven success in a team-oriented environmentAbility to maintain excellent customer relationships both internal and externalSelf-motivated, innovative, willing to pursue new technical areas and capable of working independentlyWillingness to travel periodically (10-15%) to customers and conferencesEDUCATION:B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering or other relevant engineering disciplineGraduate degree in relevant area of study is preferableEXPERIENCE:Five (5) or more years demonstrated software development experience requiredDevelopment experience in all life-cycle phase from requirements to concept and feasibility, architecture and design, implementation, test, build, ship and sustaining released productsExperience in developing software requirements, software architecture and design, implementation, test plan development and regression testingExperience developing life-cycle best practices, coding standards, testing standards, design reviews, code reviews and defect trackingDevelopment experience on Unix/Linux platform preferredIndustry experience with machine learning projects preferredExperience in development for Robot Operating System (ROS) preferredExperience with 2D/3D computer vision preferredPrevious exposure to Agile development methodologies including SCRUM, Feature-Driven Development, Business-driven development and risk-driven development preferredExperience selecting and managing 3rd party development partners preferredEOE/M/F/Disability/Protected Veteran StatusAccommodations Individuals who need reasonable accommodations under the ADA in order to participate in the search and/or application process should contact Human Resources at (614) 688-5000.
 Software Engineer Job Location  Cambridge, MA Req Number 2018-0082 Department  Process EngineeringApply NowOverview: Foundation Medicine is a molecular information company dedicated to a transformation in cancer care in which treatment is informed by a deep understanding of the genomic changes that contribute to each patient’s unique cancer. The company’s initial clinical product, FoundationOne™, is a fully informative genomic profile to identify a patient’s individual molecular alterations and match them with relevant targeted therapies and clinical trials. Foundation Medicine’s molecular information platform aims to improve day-to-day care for patients by serving the needs of clinicians, academic researchers and drug developers to help advance the science of molecular medicine in cancer. Responsibilities: The Software Engineer will develop custom applications that are tightly integrated with Foundation Medicine’s Clinical Laboratory LIMS system. Additionally, he or she will play a key role in defining and implementing a streamlined suite of applications to improve efficiency across laboratory workstreams, and improve visibility to lifecycle of a sample, it’s results, and data quality. This person selected for this position requires both strong coding skills as well as the ability to collaborate with cross functional teams. This position will be based in Cambridge, MA where we have built our state of the art next generation sequencing laboratories servicing all of our product lines. Design, develop, and maintain custom applications that integrate with LIMS and other business applications (CRM, Medical Reporting, Billing).Key contributor to design and implementation of future state laboratory systems data architecture and roadmapDefine and document architecture and functional and design requirementsInteract with internal customers to develop business requirementsWork with team to develop IQ and OQ documentation and execute testingConform to coding conventions and all aspects of the SDLC and change control and product release policiesParticipate in the continuous process improvement of Lab IT solutionsCollaborate with cross functional teams in Technology and the Product Development group.Develop, plan and recommend budget and staffing changes as required.Qualifications:3+ years experience object oriented programming.C#, ASP.NET, Python, Javacript, Node.js, React, Oracle, SQL.Agile development.Software development in a validated environment.Development of integrated tools to extend LIMS capabilities.Implementation of tools for data visualization across data sources.Experience capturing requirements from end users and developing formal technical specifications.Experience with Lab IT systems architecture and integration.Ability to manage multiple, concurrent initiatives, maintain own workflow and meet deadlines.Ability to work in a dynamic fast paced team environment.Education & Experience:BS in Computer Science, Life Sciences or Engineering.Working experience in a life sciences organization with Next Gen Sequencing and/or a clinical testing focus, a plus.Experience working in a regulated environment (SOX, HIPAA, CLIA, FDA).Given the above requirements for the role, the following competencies are essential:Thrives on challenge – Track record includes experiences where stretch goals were achieved.Communicates effectively and professionally with all members of the organization, customers and external contacts.Judgment – goes back to core values and first principles when making decisions.
UPS Capital Spring IT Software Development InternJob Summary The Software development Internships are full-time positions within UPS Capital. The interns will join the new software development and support teams, supporting the Insurance business operation. The interns will assist with analysis and resolution of defects reported by business. Interns will also work on new development for existing software platforms. Interns will participate in business meetings, prepare data analysis, participate in code reviews, present to senior managers, be assigned peer mentors, works with members of the business community and, get a chance to network with supervisors and managers, and receive meaningful evaluations. ResponsibilitiesUse Visual Studio for creation of front-end .Net applicationsProvide development support across all of UPS Capital’s internal systems (.Net and Windows)Work with development team to correct issues and maintain existing featuresDevelopment of improvements to our existing solutions as required by the companyAssist in the estimation of tasks, identify possible obstacles and propose appropriate solutionsFollow company software standards and change control guidelines in developing softwareDetect and predict code defects by peer reviewing codeCreate common SQL objects (Tables, Stored Procedures, Queries)Desired Experience and SkillsDemonstrates leadership attributes within classroom, projects and volunteeringDemonstrates a passion for software developmentDemonstrates the ability to solve problems quicklyAbility to maintain a professional manner at all timesDemonstrates attention to detailPossess strong verbal and written communication skillsDemonstrates the ability to communication with all levels of managementDemonstrates the ability to perform routine analysis, document approach and findings, and present resultsHas exposure to use of agile techniques.Minimum QualificationsMajoring in or have completed a degree in Computer Science or related field from an accredited universityExposure to developing in a Windows environmentExperience using Microsoft office products (Word, Excel, Visio, Powerpoint, Access, and Outlook)Understanding of basic web technology (.Net, C++, JavaScript)Has exposure to SQL ServerAble to work a minimum of 35-40 hours per week UPS is an equal opportunity employer – race/color/religion/sex/national origin/veteran/disability/sexual orientation/gender identity
Description:The Advanced Solutions Group (ASG) is seeking a Software Developer in Aurora, Colorado to support maintenance and development for a real-time operational SIGINT processing system. The applications are implemented in C++ and Java, with development managed by an established and successful software development team with good customer visibility. The candidate must possess an active TS/SCI security clearance to be considered for the position.  The candidate will be responsible for software design, development, integration, and testing within an existing software processing architecture. The candidate will implement software changes to develop new capabilities, enhance existing capabilities, and resolve issues with existing capabilities. The software development environment is based on agile methodologies, so the ideal candidate will have experience working in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity with continuous integration models, unit test development, and automated regression testing approaches is highly desirable. In addition to working with other software developers, the candidate will interface with project managers, systems engineers, and customers on a regular basis, so good communications skills are a must.  Roles and Responsibilities: Attend weekly developer meetings to participate in software ticket prioritization and assignmentCommunicate status via software ticket tracking tool (currently Trac)Develop software in a Linux environment (currently RedHat / CentOS)Test software using a variety of tools prior to commitment to software baselineUtilize software version control (currently Subversion)Potential for direct customer support via weekly telecons  External Referral EligibleQualifications:Qualifications: To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below BS Degree in Computer Science or equivalent with 10+ years of software development experience using one or more object oriented programming languages such as C++ or JavaLinux (RedHat / CentOS or equivalent)Scripting Perl / Python or equivalentStrong verbal and written communications skills are required, as well as the ability to maintain professionalism in a diverse customer environmentMust have a current and active TS/SCI security clearance  Preferred Qualifications: Candidates with these desired skills will be given preferential consideration GWT / VAADIN UI toolkitsPostgreSQL (or equivalent)ActiveMQHTTPD and website maintenancePKI management and user authenticationSIGINT processing experienceLeidos Overview: Leidos is a global science and technology solutions leader working to solve the worlds toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The companys 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported pro forma annual revenues of approximately $10 billion for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2016 after giving effect to the recently completed combination of Leidos with Lockheed Martin's Information Systems & Global Solutions business (IS&GS). For more information, visit www.Leidos.com. The companys diverse employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. Leidos will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment in accordance with relevant Laws. Leidos is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Position: Software Engineer Reports to: Director, Software EngineeringOverviewThe Software Engineer position is responsible for creating the code powering the baseball experience as part of Major League Baseball Advanced Media. Launched in 2001 as the tech arm of Major League Baseball, MLBAM is renowned for creating experiences that baseball fans love - and we're just getting started!  The Software Engineer position offers the opportunity to collaborate with other world-class engineers, product developers, and designers; contribute to award-winning and complex apps and systems; influence the innovation of products used by millions globally; and work in a highly collaborative, results-oriented, team environment.  Using cutting edge technology, our software is consumed by fans, broadcasters, stadiums, MLB Clubs and the League itself. We are looking for Software Engineers that are passionate about building new technologies for the baseball industry.Core Responsibilities  Coding Write clean, concise, modular code that is easily testable.Work on a backend technology stack including Java 8, Spring, SQL, Scala, Akka, and R.Work on a frontend technology stack including Angular, Express, and React. Collaboration Participate in an agile environment.Participate in the full software development lifecycle (requirements gathering, designing, building, testing and maintenance).Participate in code reviews. Technology Lead and take ownership of critical projects and your own initiatives.Introduce the technologies you feel passionate about.Influence the innovation of products used by millions of users worldwide.Work alongside top data scientists on data analysis, machine vision and NLP.Change the way baseball is consumed.Qualifications Required Qualifications An avid learner, independent with excellent problem-solving skills.Passionate about mentoring peer developers, providing code reviews, etc.Minimum QualificationsComputer science/engineering degree --or-- equivalent experience Preferred Qualifications Exposure to Amazon Web Services.Familiar with messaging queues: ActiveMQ, Kafka, Kinesis and SNS/SQS.Experience with SQL databasesUnderstanding of big data concepts and knowledge of big data languages/tools such as Hive, Pig, Mahout or Spark.Experience with 3D modeling and statistical analysis of 3D models.Can explain the difference between FIP and ERA to the creator of FIP. Desired Qualifications for Senior Candidates 5+ years of experience using JVM languages (Java, Scala, Kotlin).Skilled in front end technologies: JavaScript, React, HTML, CSS.Experience building large and scalable applications.Experience contributing to open source projects.
 Overview  We have a unique opportunity for a Software Engineer to learn big data systems, scalable architecture and data security while working with a small team of extraordinary engineers developing a next generation enterprise data lake and analytic applications for the Healthcare Industry. ResponsibilitiesYou will work with smart people like you using proven technologies and tools to deliver data processing infrastructure that meets business requirements.You will learn to use best design and development practices and introduce your own while working on ingesting data from multiple sources, cleaning and transforming the feed to meet specification for target systems.You will participate in architecture review sessions and expend your area of expertise. You will improve your understanding of data and transport security and work with HIPAA certified services and protocols.You will work on data integration projects, performing system configuration, creating designs according to specification, coding and testing the functionality that adds value to our customers.You will have a lot of autonomy with full accountability for your work and have an environment where you could be successful at achieving your career aspirations.Other duties as requested and/or determinedQualificationsBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering etc.2-3 years of commercial software engineering experienceExperience working on a system that involves processing large number of transactions originating from multiple sources. Ability to articulate challenges of the multifaceted data aggregation systems.Ability to demonstrate understanding of complex enterprise-level systems, causal dependencies and relationship between components.Hands-on experience with design patterns, data structures, algorithm with ability to demonstrate applicability and clearly articulate/defend choices.Experience creating technical specifications, designs and architecture presentations.Inspired by code quality and understand that testability is a function of engineering. Ability to demonstrate unit testing in action using dependency injection and mock frameworks.Willingness to perform system administration tasks, dev ops and maintenance. Understanding how to proactively monitor and measure system stability and performance.Several years working with relational databases, proficient at SQL execution analysis, data aggregation and transformation procedures. Familiar with database performance optimization.Experience working with systems that support continues integration and can fully appreciate the development cycle.The discipline to manage your workload, take accountability for your work, dig deeply and try harder to learn into the large dynamic technical landscape which comes with the territory.Excellent verbal and written communications skillsAbility to provide extra effort when necessary to meet deadlinesTravel: 10%
 About EngilityEngility delivers innovative solutions to critical challenges facing the nation and the world. As a premier provider of integrated services for the U.S. government, we support the Department of Defense, intelligence community, space communities, federal civilian agencies and international customers. Engility is dedicated to making lives better, safer and more secure.DescriptionEngility is seeking a Software Engineer to join our talented team at Peterson Air Force Base, CO. The ideal candidate shall provide system-level design, coding and implementation of an ASP.NET web application that encompasses engineering specifications and data requirements tracking. The successful candidate will be a self-starter and have the ability to interact with fellow team members in developing a custom web GUI. The ability to think creatively and come up with unique solutions is a plus. Candidate must have experience as a front end developer with the ability to develop dynamic websites. Experience with JavaScript, C#, CSS and HTML code is required. Knowledge of developing solutions using JSON, AJAX, AngularJS, XML and jQuery is a plus. Candidate must be able to effectively understand and communicate technical issues and requirements inter-personally with fellow team members and government clients. The candidate will assist in the creation of server-side code to support front end development.  Key responsibilities are:  - Provide coding and implementation of an ASP.NET web application.  - Creation of dynamic sites, forms, and modal dialogues.  - Effectively understand and communicate technical issues and requirements with fellow team members.  - Self-starter with the ability to take direction from senior technical staff.  - Can-do attitude with the desire and ability to learn new things, think creatively and come up with unique solutions.Required Qualifications Must be proficient in.NET framework 3.5 or later, with experience using it to build dynamic web sites and ASP pages.Bachelor's Degree and/or Master's degree in engineering, computer science is required. Additional years of experience would be acceptable in lieu of a degree.A minimum of 2 years of experience in developing software solutions using HTML, C#, CSS, and JavaScript.Demonstrated proficiency using Visual Studio 2010 or greater, along with the software development lifecycle it supports.Creative ability for developing web GUIs for interacting with databases.Experience with security models and in developing systems that interact with them.Desired Qualifications2+ years or more experience in front end development.Experience with XML, JSON, AJAX, AngularJS, and jQuery.Experience developing systems that integrate with SQL Server, Microsoft SharePoint, and complex legacy systems.Experience with SharePoint 2013.Domain experience with MILSTAR/AEHF.
 Moxie is looking for an Email Developer who will be responsible for developing email, using HTML, CSS, media queries and various ESP tools. The ideal Developer will have team experience, and have a minimum of 2+ years of email development and/or ESP programming experience. Candidates with a demonstrated aptitude in email development. Experience with Silverpop, Adobe Campaign, ExactTarget or Responsys are a plus. ResponsibilitiesUnderstand industry best practices related to email development.Develop HTML emails using HTML, CSS and media queries.Responsive/adaptive email experience. Portfolio examples required.Proficiency in implementing email programs within ESP tool limitations.Work with Leads to implement best practices and department processes.Comfortably handle change requests and provide quick and efficient solutions.Proactively provide ideas and solutions towards the improvement of the process and the business.Help assess risk and impact on the existing systems that may arise due to any requirement or functional change.Required Knowledge/Skills/ExperienceBachelor Degree or higher in Computer Science or an equivalent amount of relevant experience including design, development and testing (must explain relevancy of experience).2+ years of hands-on, software development using current HTML/CSS standards (1+ years must be in a team setting/environment).Ability to communicate clearly and display a high level of professionalism, including the ability to work with internal/external staff and business-minded clients.Solid written and verbal communication skills.Ability to learn new technologies quickly and create improved efficiency.Ability to work independently at times on multiple tasks while remaining organized..ABOUT MOXIE Moxie is a modern marketing solutions agency that expertly leverages the value of data, content and technology to help our clients grow. We push the boundaries of what's possible to outperform the competition in the areas of strategy, creative, social marketing, media, analytics and technology development. Founded in 2000, Moxie has 300+ talented employees in Atlanta, Los Angeles, New York and Pittsburgh. Owned by global media giant Zenith part of the Publicis Groupe Moxie is able to quickly leverage cross-company areas of enterprise, talent, experience, resources and tools. Moxie's client roster includes Verizon Wireless, Verizon FiOS, Delta, Porsche, American Cancer Society, Ocean Spray, Wells Fargo, The Coca-Cola Company, 20th Century Fox, Chick-fil-A, Nike, Ainsworth Pet Nutrition and Cisco Systems.
 Job Summary:  Assists with all aspects of requirements gathering and analysis, process automation development, and testing. This individual will provide input and recommendations on development tools and participate in the design, development, testing, and implementation of application software. The Developer will provide support for production environment change management and exception issues, participate on projects, and create application code (via Process Automation software). Assignments are received in the form of results expected; within operating policies and procedures. No supervisory responsibilities.  Key Accountabilities:  - Develops application code, queries, scripts, and develops and executes unit tests.  - Designs reusable application components.  - Participates in the design, development, deployment and post-deployment support of automations.  - Provides planning and time estimates for own assignments.  - Keeps abreast of technology trends and DTE Energy strategies, standards, and guidelines to select technologies that are appropriate and cost beneficial and applies each to ITS operating procedures.  - Mentors Associate Developer; perform code reviews, and explain technical concepts. Participates in system, unit, and regression testing.  - Works on multiple teams in a collaborative environment.  - Creates/ prepares design documentations.  - Required: Associate’s degree or Developer certification (equivalent to 2 years) & 4 years of experience, OR a high school diploma or GED and 6 years of experience in application development and design components.  - Preferred: Bachelors degree & 2 years of experience  - Preferred: Experience using VBA, C#, or Java.  - Demonstrated strong analytical and problem solving skills and ability to recommend and participate in solution implementation in area of responsibility.  - Demonstrated strong organizational skills and good oral/written presentation skills.  - Broad understanding of IT industry, i.e. emerging technologies, industry standards, support services, architectures, systems design, systems integration, and an in-depth knowledge of accepted IT processes.  - Demonstrated ability to be self-directed.  - Demonstrated ability to work on multiple teams concurrently.
About Us Our mission is to empower people to lead healthy and blissful lives. We bring delicious and nutritious drinks and snacks into the office workplace, where people spend a majority of their lives. We seek out the healthiest and tastiest foods to ensure our customers are happy, healthy and more productive. The Role As a Software Developer Lead at Oh My Green, you will build the future look and feel of our platform (including quantified self, analytics, and personalized recommendation features). You will have the opportunity to work with a very talented team of former Google, LinkedIn, and Glassdoor engineers. The RoleBuild robust and scalable software using the best tech for the job. Our current stack includes Ruby/Rails, React/Redux, Postgres, and React Native, IOS, R, PythonProvide high-level guidance for technology, ensuring good architecture and designMentor and support other members of the engineering team on a technical levelKeep your code quality high and help your teammates do the sameWork with the product and design teams to understand end-user requirements; formulate use cases, and then translate that into a pragmatic and effective technical solutionAbout You3-7 years experience in a Senior Engineering roleBachelors, masters, or doctorate degree in a related field, or an intriguing reason for not having oneExperience working in highly collaborative environment, with great communication skills.Solid software design knowledge you should know how to create software thats extensible, reusable, and does what its supposed toExperience with React and Redux preferredUnderstanding of Ruby, and the Rails framework or one of the backend frameworks preferredExperience as a technical team lead preferred Full benefits are available; including 100% coverage for medical, dental and vision premiums, short and long-term disability, life insurance, 401k, unlimited PTO, personal & professional growth trainings, in-office massages and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy snacks and beverages!  This is a perfect way to get your foot into the door at a fast growing startup company. We've been around for over two years and our customers love what we do. Our cultural values are FORCE (fun, open, respectful, collaborative, and excellent). If you are passionate about your health, organic food, nutrition and wellness and are looking for a fast-paced, fun place to work with a vibrant culture, we want you to join our team!
Description:The Leidos Health Products & Service Group has an opening for a Software Engineers with experience in the healthcare or commercial software industry to provide design, write and maintain source code, create and maintain software applications and applying frameworks to deliver innovative Healthcare commercial products, services or a combination of products and services. This position will preferably be based out of our office in Morgantown, WV or Reston, VA The responsibilities for this position include all aspects of the software development lifecycle including scope and work estimation, architecture and design, coding and unit testing. You will get a chance to exercise your judgment in determining and recommending the best designs based on customer business objectives, timelines and other resource constraints. You will be challenged and provided a tremendous opportunity for growth in a customer facing, fast paced, agile environment.Key Responsibilities:• Design, develop, troubleshoot, and debug mission critical software source code using modern software development languages and tools, such as Java• Participate in the full software development lifecycle, working within broadly defined parameters• Use Jira, Confluence, Nexus, Bitbucket/Subversion development operations, collaboration and source control tools• Support creation and updating of all relevant documentation and specifications for design, development and testing• Identify potential roadblocks and develop around them• Plan and estimate development tasks and work to improve performance metrics• Develop maintainable code that matches specification• Perform unit testing of code, including manipulation of data for analysis of system requirements• Own the delivery of an small parts of a system or application• Work closely with other engineers to develop the best technical design and approach for new product development• Build software solutions where the solution is not always well defined but always considers the customer first.careC2Qualifications:REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:• Bachelors degree or equivalent experience in Engineering, Computer Science or Information Technology with 4-8 years of experience• Masters degree or equivalent experience in Engineering, Computer Science or Information Technology with 2-6 years of experience• Knowledge and experience with architecture and complex system engineering documentation • Solid experience with Java/C++ and object oriented programming (we will test you) as well as a solid understanding of software development process fundamentals• A strong, self-motivated desire to learn new programming languages, tools, frameworks, and techniques.DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: • Familiarity with basic web technologies including HTML, CSS, XML, SOAP, WSDL, REST, JSON, and JavaScript.• Familiarity with web application technologies, such as Apache Tomcat, JBoss, etc.• Knowledge of a version control system (e.g., Git)• Knowledge of Agile Development methodologies.• Familiarity with multiple operating systems (Windows, LINUX, etc.).• Familiarity with at least one Relational Database Management System (Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, etc.).• Proficiency with MS Office Products (Word, Excel, Visio, & PowerPoint).• Familiarity with NoSql databases (Apache Accumulo, MongoDB, etc.)• Familiarity with server-side JavaScript.Leidos Overview:Leidos is a global science and technology solutions leader working to solve the worlds toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The companys 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported pro forma annual revenues of approximately $10 billion for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2016 after giving effect to the recently completed combination of Leidos with Lockheed Martin's Information Systems & Global Solutions business (IS&GS). For more information, visit www.Leidos.com. The companys diverse employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. Leidos will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment in accordance with relevant Laws. Leidos is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
 The Associate Software Developer is an entry level position. As an Associate Software Developer, you  will be responsible for designing, implementing (which includes writing  programming code), testing, and documenting software systems. This includes  developing new features, enhancing existing features and maintaining the  existing programming code including performing bug fixes. This position serves  as a career entry point into Software Engineering and offers the potential for  growth within the Clever Devices organization. Primary Responsibilities:Write  maintainable, clean, re-usable, object-oriented, and efficient programming code  in compliance with department standards and templatesWork  within source control utilizing branching, merging, proper check-in procedures,  and passing of continuous builds to ensure that software is always releasablePractice  Test Driven Development (TDD) and ensuring that unit tests are created prior to  writing programming code and that any programming code is structured in such a  way to maximize testabilityResolve  software bugs in the programming code and modify unit tests to prevent future  regressionPerform  various types of testing including black box, white box, integration,  functional, systems, sanity, smoke, regression, acceptance, stress, load,  performance, usability, installation, recovery, security, compatibility, and  more on software systemsWork  within the context of department processes and proceduresPeer  review programming code and participate in code reviewsLearn  and understand the technical details of all relevant products and having  hands-on familiarity of the system as requiredContribute  fresh, new ideas during developer meetings demonstrating a commitment on-going  learningUtilizing  code coverage, code metrics, and other tools to improve quality of codeRaise  concerns to management and team membersAny  other tasks required by managementSkills Required:BS  degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or a related discipline is  required. MS degree a plus.Strong  written and verbal communication skillsEntry-level  working knowledge and skill with either C#/.NET 4.0 and greater or Java is  essential. Skills in both would be an asset.Educational  or real-time work experience working with a relational database management  system such as SQL Server 2008 R2 or greater or Oracle creating some relational  database objects (tables, columns, stored procedures, scalar and table-valued  functions, etc.)Experience  with debugging techniques, such as breakpoints, watches, etc.Experience  with a version control system such as Team Foundation Server or SVN  (Subversion)Ability to quickly and independently  learn about new technologies, business and technical terms and concepts is  essentialAbility to discern between  value-added and frivolous workAbility  to work as part of a team and also individually with a self-starter ("can  do") attitudeComfortable  speaking and interacting with technical and non-technical peopleExcellent  research, analytical, and organization skills with an exceptional eye for  detailAbility  to perform work activities according to set priorities and delivery timelinesAbility  to take constructive criticismDesire  to participate in speaking engagements or be involved within user or other  community groups or any other events attended by the departmentExperience  working in an Agile environment is an asset
 We are an incubator within a successful, rapidly growing company based in Los Angeles. Our purpose is to invent, inspire, and defy expectations through the lens of technology. We hire curious, collaborative, and autonomous visionaries who have a passion for tackling the unknown, solving hard problems, and answering questions that haven't been explored. We are looking for an exceptional full stack engineer to add to our team. You will work in a cross functional team to create powerful infrastructure.  In joining the team as a Software Developer, you'll be responsible for architecting and building applications ranging from prototypes to delivered products. You will work cross-functionally to understand and address our needs. You will coordinate with product managers and designers to innovate and shape products as we develop exciting capabilities. You will be working in a small team on game-changing products so you will need to be flexible, proactive and forward thinking BS/MS in computer science, mathematics, physics or a relevant field10+ years of developing across a broad range of technologies including Android, iOS, Java, C++Basic understanding of control theoryExperience developing applications to interface with external hardware via Bluetooth or othersFamiliarity with mesh networksTest Driven Development practices and write readable, maintainable codeStrong communication skillsExperience with service-oriented architecture or microservicesExperience with AWS or other cloud technologiesCompensation A detailed and compelling compensation package will be outlined for the selected candidate. This position is not eligible for sponsorship. We are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encrouaged to apply.
 Have you ever wondered what it would feel like to be a part of an entrepreneurial company where your unique abilities are celebrated, you increase your creative energy and your role adds value every day? Sound impossible? It’s not.  La Macchia Enterprises (LME) has a unique story of being family-owned for over 40 years. We turn vacation dreams into long-lasting memories by focusing on our customers’ End-to-End Experience at every touch point. Our 1,000+ team members embody our core values, making us a global leader in leisure travel and technology. Our team is the reason we’ve earned a spot on the Top Workplaces list for multiple years.  Trisept Solutions, a division of LME, was the first to process an online vacation booking. Trisept has continued its evolution working with the leading global airlines, hotels and theme parks to provide cutting-edge technology solutions. Visitwww.triseptsolutions.com to continue the story.  Now it’s your turn to enhance your career with Trisept Solutions. Grow and learn with us as an Application Software Developer. You will write, test, and document solutions for projects and problems of limited to moderate complexity. You will also perform supervised systems analysis and design work on problems of limited scope. In this role, you will also interact with technical staff, clients, and vendors to ensure our e-commerce solutions for the travel industry are the best available in the competitive, fast-paced online marketplace.  A successfulApplication Software Developer will: Contribute to team's goal of successfully completing software development projects.Maintain the team's application portfolio.Design programmatic solutions within the architectural constraints of the applications.Design simple data structure and/or file solutions.Isolate and resolves reported application problems.Assist with the creation of project specifications, documentation and prototypes.Write programs according to specification.Requirements:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS or a related field from a 4 year college or university or an equivalent combination of education and experience.One or more high level programming languages.Effective software development practices.Relational database concepts.Written and verbal communication.Problem solving and analytical skillsEnjoys working with a teamBenefits at a Glance:Medical/Dental/Vision InsuranceShort and Long Term DisabilityLife InsuranceFlexible Spending Accounts401(k) with employer matchGenerous time off planTuition ReimbursementTravel DiscountsTeam Member Referral ProgramWellness Program We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free and tobacco-free workplace and perform pre-employment background checks.
Software Developer-Database AdministratorSummary of Position: Responsible for designing, modifying, developing, writing, and implementing software programming applications and components. They should be able to multitask on a variety of projects in a positive and professional manner, with a strong ability to work in a fast paced, highly detailed and deadline driven environment.Essential Duties & Responsibilities:Utilize established development tools, guidelines and conventions including but not limited to Visual Studio and SQL Server Management StudioCreate and maintain SSRS reportsDesign, code, and test new Windows and Web software applicationsEnhance existing systems by analyzing business objective, preparing an action plan, and identifying areas for modification and improvementMaintain existing software systems by identifying and correcting software defectsInvestigate and develop skills in modern technologiesCreate technical specifications and test plansCreate and maintain operational documentationConsult with management and end users related to projects and tasksConsult colleagues concerning maintenance and performance of software systemsImplement new softwareManage multiple projects and tasksOptimize SQL server architecture and SQL applications for performanceManage SQL application user securityQualifications & Requirements:Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related fieldMust have knowledge of VB.Net, C# and Microsoft SQL ServerAbout the Company-Natoli EngineeringLocated in St. Charles, Missouri, (near the Chesterfield Valley)Global leader in the manufacturing of tablet compression products and servicesWe serve the pharmaceutical, nutritional, confectionery, industrial, and veterinary industries.We are a family owned business and have been in business for over 40 years.We have never had a layoff.Benefits:Free medical, dental, and life insurance for the employeeCompany match 401(k)Paid vacation and paid holidaysOnsite CaféGym membership bonus
PURPOSE OF POSITION: To participate in the software design and development in support of the Engineering department’s mission. This mission includes Engineering design programs, databases, SAP ERP, websites, and Computer Aided Design (CAD) software in the design and analysis of centrifugal slurry pumps.Duties and ResponsibilitiesDevelops engineering calculation programs in support of department’s mission.Develops software to manage engineering database information system.Develops and maintains engineering Bill of Material (BOM) database system.Develops validation programs to validate and correct engineering database systems.Develops websites for the display and data entry of engineering information.Converts legacy procedural FORTRAN programs to object oriented C# programs.Develops software to integrate the information between disparate systems.Develops software to automate repetitive engineering procedures and/or workflows.Creates and maintain software, system, and information technology procedural documentation.Provides Engineering IT Manager with research, problem solving and new information technology implementation.Provides software training for department’s employees as needed.Knowledge and Experience (minimum required):EDUCATION: Four-year college degree in the disciplines of Engineering, Physics, Mathematics or Computer Science with emphasis in mathematics.experience: 5+ years of experience in software development with object oriented programming with Microsoft .NET software programming (C#, VB.NET), SQL Server (T-SQL), website development. In addition, experience in current Microsoft operating systems and Microsoft Office products and there integration with above software technologies. Experience with mechanical and slurry engineering calculations is desired but not required.
 What You'll DoAs a Manager of Software Development, you will lead a highly motivated team developing platform software for industry leading network security products.Lead the team to define, architect, design, and deliver platform software and features.Contribute to functional specifications and product roadmapCollaborate with product owners, architects and executive team in defining and prioritizing work for the team.Mentor engineers & provide guidance and architectural direction to junior members of the team.Sustain a large install base and work with engineering escalations to quickly resolve customer issues.Who You'll Work With You will lead a team that is passionate about developing leading edge security products. You will work closely with the hardware team to provide software support for new hardware platforms. Who You AreYou are a seasoned leader with excellent technical skills.Have a deep understanding of embedded software engineering, including Linux kernel and hardware device drivers.You work well independently and with a globally dispersed teamAgile development experience is a plusTypically requires MSEE/CS combined with 10 plus years of related experience, or BSEE/CS combined with 12 plus years related experienceWhy Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.  We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  #We Are Cisco  dicedev#GD2015
 Designs and develop Call Processing, Call Recording and Product Provisioning Software applications. Performs requirements gathering, designing solution, coding, debugging, testing and troubleshooting throughout the application development process. Analyze business requirementsProvide Level of Efforts (LOE) for analysis, design and codingDevelop technical requirements and interface specificationsIdentify skillset gaps and acquire required skillsets to implement solutionWrite Code to implement Call Processing softwarePerform unit, functional, integration and performance software testingPrepares software deployment packages for Pre-Production and ProductionProvides technical supports to client support teamsResolve Critical production issues with sense of urgencyConduct Proof Of Concept (POC) to implement proposed solutionFocus on new Development efforts starting from inception to successful deployment of 1st release in production.Develop Project Strawman (high level work break down structure) to deliver project on timeCollaborate with other development teams, Architects, Project Management, Q/A, Production Support to deliver cross-functional projects within existing architecture.Conduct Showcases to Business PartnersBachelor’s Degree is required in one of the following: Telecom, Engineering, Computer Science, MIS, or related field. May be relaxed with equivalent work experience proven certifications.5+ years of Java or C++ experience building the server side of enterprise level system3+ years of experience developing and running under LinuxExperience in designing and developing Multi-threaded high performance, highly scalable applications using Java or C++Experience with protocols such as VoIP/SIP, RTP, SDP All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.
 Overview  If you are into programming, working in small teams, and solving complex problems using the latest in Cloud, Mobile, and Web technologies, Pariveda Solutions is the company for you. Our Washington DC team is growing and looking for software developers who want to design, develop, and deliver enterprise-level applications. This is an opportunity to expand your knowledge of full life cycle development, gain direct client exposure, and grow yourself and team members. We Look For:Passionate coders with internship or application development experienceThe complete package- We design, code, and deliverSkilled problem solvers with the desire and proven ability to create innovative solutionsFlexible and adaptable attitude- Client, teams and technologies will change with each new challengeFuture technology leaders- Dynamic individuals energized by fast paced personal and professional growthPhenomenal communicators who can explain and present concepts to technical and non-technical audiences alikeBachelor’s Degree in MIS, Computer Science, Math, Engineering or comparable experienceLegally authorized to work for any company in the United States without sponsorshipYou Can Expect To:Grow your career- eligible for promotion every 12 months and a clearly defined career path with the tools, support and mentors to get thereInteresting work with interesting people- Work on small teams with other Pariveda employees and clientsChallenge your brain- Think through complex problems and work with a team to implement real-world solutionsEmbark on new adventures- Shorter-term engagements mean the client and type of project change oftenTry new things- Learn to estimate, gather requirements, develop, test, manage projects, architect and deliver. We do it all!Freedom to explore different technologies- Develop applications in languages including…Java and .NETHTML5, CSS, Javascript – Angular, Backbone, Knockout and moreMobile – iOS, Android, and XamarinCloud – AWS and Azure (we’re partners with both!)Data, IoT and moreSharpen your communication skills- Create and present findings, solutions, and demos to audiences including senior executives and stakeholdersBecome a part of something bigger- Actively engage in our culture of continuous learning, community service, social gatherings, and personal and professional developmentPariveda BenefitsCompetitive SalaryExceptional 401k – 3% company match with additional 1% if annual plan is achievedPlenty of Paid Time Off - 4 weeks of vacation time plus 9 holidaysPaid sabbatical after 5 years of service for Principal levels and abovePaid parental leaveCompany Ownership through Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) from your very first day at ParivedaExcellent Healthcare and Wellness100% company paid premiums for you and your family (medical, dental, vision)Life InsuranceShort Term and Long Term Disability In 2003, we asked one simple question. Can a technology consulting firm be successful by focusing first on growing the individual to their fullest potential? We believed that through an unwavering commitment to developing people we could create a different kind of company. We created Pariveda. It is through this belief in helping the individual, counter to industry norms, we have grown revenue each and every year since 2003. We are passionate about creating interesting solutions to the unknown/unmet needs of our clients and to grow, both our people and our clients, through those experiences.  We believe in the efficiency of small teams working together to solve complex problems leveraging strategy and technology. At Pariveda, we integrate information technology into the fabric of businesses across the breadth and depth of their value chains. We call this the Business of IT®. We believe in growing deep relationships with our people, our clients and others in our networks. Trusted relationships are integral to everything we do - from relationships with the people with whom we work, the people we partner with at our clients, or the people we interact with in our communities. We believe trusted relationships are built through challenging and exhilarating experiences that make a difference to clients and communities. You will discover people here are passionate about their work. You will discover our openness in developing you and growing as our expectations are openly communicated to you and provide opportunities for you to evidence your readiness to move to the next level. And together we seek to be difference-makers in our industry and the communities where we live by always learning, coaching more, and giving back.  We serve clients ranging from Fortune 100 to Global 2000 to startup companies and spanning multiple industries. We provide company ownership through our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) from your very first day of work with us. Our people live and work in local communities within the thriving cities of Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles, New York, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington DC.  If you are inspired by our mission and our beliefs and want to join us in developing yourself and others as Consultant in our Washington DC office, apply today. The Business of IT® is a registered trademark of Pariveda Solutions, Inc. describing where IT departments need to act more like the businesses they serve given the ubiquitous integration of information technology into the world of business.#LI-MB1 ","industry":"Technology Consulting
 Responsible for the design, development, testing, installation, and field support of PC based hardware and software for industrial equipment in an industrial environment. The applicant should be familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within software engineering. Rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Perform a variety of tasks. Work in a team environment under general supervision with an intensive safety culture; typically report to an engineering leader or supervisor. A certain degree of creativity and independence is also expected. A software engineer will:Develop and maintain the programs and codes for the operation of the company’s machinesHelp develop engineering and functional system specifications with input from sales personnel, customers, service technicians, assembly technicians.Develop, prepare, and maintain comprehensive program documentation in areas related to diagnostics, information systems, data collection and communication with other peripheral equipment.Apply ingenuity in programming, hardware/software integration, and system diagnostics to support machine based control systems.Keep current on latest developments concerning system architectures that could be implemented as parts of machine control systems.Act as a liaison to production assembly, service, and system suppliers to furnish information and documentation. As required, assist in the check-out, machine installation, and startup of mechanical functionality and control system software.Interface directly with customers to identify customer expectations and specifications. Will also be part of a team to analyze control system malfunctions.Work in an industrial environment with an intensive safety culture.Domestic and international travel is required, up to 25% per year. Knowledge & Skills required for this position:Knowledge or experience in Microsoft technologies like C#, VB.NET, MS SQL Server and to a lesser extent C and Assembly language for supporting legacy equipment.Knowledge or experience in Entity Framework, Model View Controller (MVC) design, JavaScript, ASP.NET and to a lesser extent HTTPS, SSL, RSA keys and networking for new project development.Excellent communication and customer service skills.Electrical blueprint reading. Work Experience:One to five years of experience in the computer/software engineering field in a manufacturing environment is preferred, but not required. Education:Bachelor’s degree in computer science/software engineering or equivalent experience.  The ideal candidate will be highly self-motivated, persuasive, intelligent and well educated. The individual’s personal style will need to be suited to a culture which is team based, entrepreneurial, fast paced, value-driven with high corporate standards. The individual will need to be very comfortable working in a lean, matrixed, highly customer focused organization with strong ethical standards.  BW Papersystems, part of Barry-Wehmiller, combines extremely strong brands, innovative technologies and long-standing global experience in the corrugating and finishing, sheeting and packaging, and stationery, book-binding and security-documents industries. BW Papersystems brings together nine brands—BW Bielomatik (BWB), Curioni, JAG SYNCHRO, Kugler-Womako, MarquipWardUnited (MWU), SHM, VortX, WillPemcoBielomatik (WPB) and Wrapmatic—that synthesize manufacturing in the paper process industries. We offer market-leading technology for full corrugators in a variety of configurations, rugged rotary die cutters and flexo folder gluers, as well as starch-mixing systems. Customers rely on us for folio-size, cut-size and digital-size sheeting and packaging of paper, board and other materials. In addition, BW Papersystems’ portfolio includes stationery, passport production and specialized paper-converting applications, as well as book-on-demand binding lines, digital print finishing and RFID processing technology. For more, go to www.bwpapersystems.com.  Barry-Wehmiller is a diversified global supplier of engineering consulting and manufacturing technology for the packaging, corrugating, sheeting and paper-converting industries. By blending people-centric leadership with disciplined operational strategies and purpose-driven growth, Barry-Wehmiller has become a $2-plus billion organization with more than 11,000 team members united by a common belief: to use the power of business to build a better world. For more information, go to www.barrywehmiller.com and visit our CEO Bob Chapman’s blog at www.trulyhumanleadership.com.
 DescriptionIndustry leading healthcare software provider building next generation revenue cycle management tools seeks to hire a full-time junior software engineer to join our team in Franklin, TN.  This position is responsible for the successful and timely design, implementation, testing and ongoing maintenance of technical solutions to enhance Experian Healths batch processing product suite as well integration with other Experian Health core products and services. These efforts involve business analysis, product and account management interaction, project planning, troubleshooting and hands-on development. Responsibilities:Actively participate in an agile environment, iterate quickly and contribute toward key goals.Support all phases of the software development lifecycle including requirements, analysis, design, development, testing, documentation and maintenance for a complex software systemWork closely with product management to design new features and troubleshoot client issuesEmploy Test Driven Development (TDD) principles to ensure quality and completeness of all tasksAnalyze and understand business processes to help design technical solutions for client satisfaction Knowledge, Experience & Qualifications• BS degree in Computer Science and related field 0 3 years software engineering experience.NET C# and/or VBObject Oriented programming principles & Design PatternsKnowledge of Test Driven DevelopmentUnderstanding of SQL and the ability to work with DBAsExperience with tracking, building and collaboration tools including Jira, BitBucket (Git) and BambooExcellent written and verbal communication skillsClient focus
 Software DeveloperFuturex is seeking talented individuals of all skill levels with a passion for developing innovative, software-based solutions to complex data encryption tasks based within our suite of hardware cryptographic modules. Our world-class software engineering team is based at Futurex's Engineering Campus in the Hill Country just north of San Antonio, Texas.  This role offers an opportunity for skilled individuals to expand their talents by participating directly in the development of production software. Individual visibility within the team is high, and opportunities for rapid advancement exist. All levels of Futurex software engineers work directly on production-level code in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment on products with a rapid time to market.  Ideal candidates perform moderate to highly complex application development work involving Futurex's line of globally-recognized, cross-platform data encryption solutions. The position involves extending existing applications and developing new ones, as well as documenting methods and procedures used in program development, and testing, correcting, and revising programs.  Qualified candidates must be willing to work under general supervision with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Candidates must have general knowledge of the principles, practices, and techniques of computer programming and systems analysis, of computer operations, procedures, and systems, and of computer programming languages.  Qualified candidates should possess the ability to process information logically, to design programs and systems based on defined requirements, to prepare program specifications, to code, test, and debug computer programs, to interpret technical information relating to computer programming and other areas of data processing, to perform mathematical calculations, and to communicate effectively. The position includes a generous compensation and incentive pay package.  Our currently open software developer positions are listed at our careers page; however, we are continuously looking for the best and the brightest engineers to join our team, and will always welcome resume submissions directly to careers@futurex.com for consideration even if no specific opening is listed. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIESDesign, code, test and troubleshoot new applications developed for Futurex's line of embedded cryptographic devicesDevelop and document APIs and protocols used when interfacing with external systemsAnalyze performance of programs and take action to correct deficiencies based on consultation with users and approval of supervisorConfer with users to gain understanding of needed changes or modifications of existing programs. Resolve questions of program intent, data input, output requirements, and inclusion of internal checks and controlsWrite and maintain programming documentationMaintain confidentiality with regard to the information being processed, stored or accessedDocument programming problems and resolutions for future referenceBENEFITSPlay a key role in production-level software projects and work directly on the development of cutting-edge embedded encryption technology with a fast time to market.Competitive compensation and opportunities for advancement.Scenic corporate campus with amenities including a tennis court, jogging trail, and putting green.Welcoming, family-style corporate culture uniquely suited to fast-paced, entrepreneurial, and motivated individuals.QUALIFICATIONSBachelor's degree or higher in computer science or engineering.Software development experience in C and/or C++Experience developing multi-tiered architecturesMotivated, self-starting, and eager to learnSTRONGLY PREFERExperience with Linux, QT, OpenSSL, Subversion, scripting (Python, Perl, Bash).Solid understanding of computer internals, code compiler processes, and TCP/IP networking.Experience with multiple architectures and platforms, particularly PowerPC or ARM.SQL programming and basic understanding of relational databases.Knowledge of cryptographic methods, principles, and standards.LOCATIONScenic corporate campus located approximately 15 minutes north of San Antonio, Texas.
 MOD was founded on the idea that if we take care of our people and our communities, the business will largely take care of itself. We are focused on creating a workplace where individual spirits are celebrated, and our teams are empowered to go above and beyond to take care of our customers.  With more than 200 locations across 20 states and the United Kingdom, MOD is committed to creating a positive social impact in the communities both domestically and internationally, creating not only a cool place to eat, but an inspired place to work.Position Overview The Data Integration Developer leads the development of a state-of-the-art integration strategy and architecture and guides the development of high performance integration applications and frameworks in support of strategic initiatives having domain knowledge in e-Commerce, Order Management, Supply Chain, Fulfillment, CRM, MDM, mobile apps and COTS applications. Core responsibilities of this hands-on role include assessing needed changes to the integration architecture, defining proper use of integration technologies & patterns, enterprise level API and Web Service identification, and the development of management processes to govern the integration layer. The Integration Architect will contribute to the development of roadmaps and migration plans for integration of business systems, and infrastructure to streamline interfaces, reduce redundancy and business costs. The Integration Architect must have a strong hands-on development track record building integrations utilizing a variety of integration products, tools, protocols, technologies and patterns.Key Responsibilities:Perform an active, leading role in shaping, building and enhancing overall integration architecture, helping to define the future state architectural blueprint and develop roadmaps to get thereActively develop solutions to contribute to enterprise class integration and middleware software development best practices, standards and proceduresCollaborate through effective communications with to achieve a very good understanding of the integration requirements of their projects and then design and develop sustainable integration applications to address those requirementsDesign integration solutions and produce all design phase deliverables including technical design documents, flowcharts, data transformations, mappings, routing etc. evaluating impacts to performance and scale to support policies and SLAs as required.Manage, & be actively involved during build phase and quality assurance of code to ensure fulfilling requirements and adhering to integration architecture.Ensure necessary development and testing practices are engaged for all projects to ensure the quality and supportability of all delivered solutionsMaintain the appropriate balance between the needs of the enterprise and specific initiatives and delivery timeframesAnalyze data-related systems integration opportunities and challenges, validating data models from a data integration perspective for current projects as well as other impacted projects and drive quality improvementsDemonstrate and deliver on depth and breadth of technical and business/partner expertise (knowledge and skills)Deliver innovative strategies to achieve business/partner goals beyond scope of dutiesBasic Qualifications:8+ years overall IT system architecture, design, development, deployment experience.Must demonstrate very sound and in-depth understanding of SOA/EAI/ESB concepts, SOA Governance, Event Driven Architecture, message based architectures, file sharing and exchange platforms, data virtualization and caching strategies, integration design patterns and frameworksIs proficient & hands-on in languages such as Java or .NETSignificant understanding of cloud architectures & patterns (Azure or AWS)Demonstrated knowledge in any of the CICD tools, and in its usage for support of continuous integration & deployment.Strong experience with XML/XSL/XSLT/XSD, JAXDB, SOAP, WSDL, HTTP, REST, APIsProven expertise with a track record of solution delivery using various data integration solutions in situations requiring real time (synchronous and asynchronous) messaging, Publish/Subscribe models, Microservices patterns, Middleware, Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) and other related methodologies in a multi-user, multi-platform, multi-tier environmentProven hands-on experience leading, architecting, designing, and implementing large scale, high transaction volume, and high availability integration projects.Accustomed to working under pressure and to deadlines while adjusting to rapidly changing prioritiesWorks well in a collaborative, cross functional teamsGood oral and written communication skills in EnglishBachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, other related field or equivalent work experience.Preferred Qualifications:Working knowledge and experience in online transactional (OLTP) processing and analytical processing (OLAP) databases and schemasAdvanced skills implementing API Service architectures using any of the market leading API Management toolsSignificant understanding of Microservice patterns & concepts & its application in problem solvingDemonstrated knowledge of broad enterprise architecture concepts, disciplines, and capabilities. Familiarity with enterprise architecture frameworks such as TOGAF or ZachmanPhysical Requirements Office work involves remaining in a stationary position most of the time in front of a computer, using a keyboard, mouse and telephone. Regularly operate a computer and other office equipment. Occasionally move about the work site to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc. Exert up to 10 lbs. of force occasionally, and/or a negligible amount of force frequently or regularly move objects. Communicate and exchange information with co-workers and other individuals in person and electronically. Location: 2035 158th Court NE #200, Bellevue WA, 98008  Are you MOD? Apply today!  One of MOD’s core strengths is the diversity of our MOD Squaders, and we are dedicated to upholding this diversity. We work hard to make MOD a place that is welcoming to all people. In this regard, MOD is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to equal opportunity for all employees and applicants. MOD recruits, hires, trains, promotes, compensates, and administers all personnel actions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sex stereotyping, pregnancy (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, ancestry, medical condition, marital status, military or veteran status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable law

Company Description null  Job DescriptionWe are looking for a Senior Software Developer to help us build a new and exciting customer data platform that would handle millions of events flowing through it per day which, in turn, enables key business stakeholders to not only do analytics on it but also be proactive in making the customer experience better. This platform would be a major leap forward in making our organizational decisions become more data driven, and, out of the many applications that this platform would enable, personalization would be one that would help create a much more individualized customer experience. What You Will Be Doing:You will collaborate with Architect, Dev Manager and Engineers through the entire software development lifecycle to create and enhance a data platform.Create Micro services-based architecture using RESTful APIs.Create large data pipelines in SQL and stored procedures.Work together with product and development teams to define software specifications.Automate code, deploy, and verify pipeline. QualificationsMinimum requirements:Computer science degree (or related discipline) is required.5 years hands-on Java experience with 3 years of experience working with SQL data pipelines.Must have 2 years of experience designing and developing enterprise grade software in fast-paced distributed environments (highly scalable, reliable, available).Big bonus points for:Agile methodologies (Scrum)Prior experience in working with high volume data streams (Kafka)Prior experience building personalization engines/servicesContinuous deploy and integration tools like JenkinsWorking in a cloud-based ecosystem (AWS)Caching frameworks like memcached and redis experience Additional InformationHelping people discover their story is at the heart of ours. Ancestry is the largest provider of family history and personal DNA testing, harnessing a powerful combination of information, science and technology to help people discover their family history and stories that were never possible before. Ancestrys suite of products includes: AncestryDNA, AncestryProGenealogists, Fold3, Newspapers.com, Find a Grave, Archives.com, and Rootsweb.  We offer excellent benefits and a competitive compensation package. For additional information, regarding our benefits and career information, please visit our website at http://ancestry.com/careers. (REF993M)  IND2
JOB SUMMARYThe Development Associate: conducts research, reviews approved projects, and identifies funding opportunities, prepares grant proposals and reports and maintains a grant calendar/database, develops relationships with foundation staff and donors and responds to development inquiries, and writes and edits fundraising appeals, donor engagement materials, and other development content. The Development Associate is a member of the Development Team and falls under the Advancement Division. He/she assists with other projects as needed to ensure that Zoo fundraising goals are achieved. SPECIFIC DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESGrant writing and Reporting• Research and identify funding sources from Foundations and Corporations as well as government agencies (local, state, and federal) to support Zoo programs, capital projects/campaigns, and general operations.• Work with staff to identify projects for funding, ensuring that all submitted grants are for projects that meet Zoo priorities and are approved by senior leadership. • Prepare and submit clear, concise, and timely proposals, grant reports, and updates according to funder guidelines. Coordinate submission of reimbursement documentation and contracts when required. • Organize and maintain proposals, grant documents, and portal passwords so that they are available for review as needed, with all relevant data entered into Tessitura. • Route grants to the appropriate leadership (CEO, CFO, VPs, directors, program staff, and/or financial staff) to solicit feedback, verify information, obtain approved budgets and financials, and ensure programs are accurately represented. Coordinate with relevant staff to measure and evaluate outcomes.Development/Advancement Writing• Create, edit and/or assist with Development/Advancement content, including newsletters, annual appeals, the annual report, web and social content, and collateral materials for members, donors, and prospects, coordinating with other departments as necessary. • Respond to donor questions and manage external requests sent to the development team. • Support the greater efforts of the Advancement division/perform other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS• Minimum of two years’ experience writing proposals, fundraising appeals, and other business/persuasive forms of writing. Non-profit grant writing experience, including successful solicitation of private and/or public funds, is preferred. • Bachelor’s degree in English, Journalism, Communications, or other related field.• Knowledge of basic fundraising techniques and strategies.• Above average English usage, grammar, spelling, punctuation and vocabulary.• Excellent writing skills, strong attention to detail, and an ability to stay focused and manage multiple concurrent tasks in a busy environment with changing priorities. • Demonstrated ability to develop meaningful relationships with donors, prospects, board members, and the external community. Familiarity with foundations and major donors in North Texas is a plus. • Self-starter with a strategic approach to problem solving.• Personable presence and demeanor.• Outstanding commitment to customer service.• Command of Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint.• Willingness and ability to learn and utilize Tessitura. Past experience working with Tessitura, Raiser’s Edge, or other donor management software is a plus. • Organized, energetic, flexible, detail-oriented, and computer proficient.• Commitment to the mission and values of the Dallas Zoo.• Must have good observational skills and be able to communicate effectively both orally and in writing.WORK ENVIRONMENT• Must be able to walk, stand, sit, kneel, stoop, twist, reach above head, pull bend, climb stairs and carry up to 25lbs. • Must be able to work holidays and weekends as needed.• Must have a valid Texas driver’s license to operate Zoo vehicles with reliable transportationSuccessful candidates must complete pre-employment drug screening, background check and TB test. 
Overview For over 25 years, Epic Games has been making award winning games and game engine technology that empowers others to make visually stunning games and 3D content that brings environments to life like never before. Epic’s award-winning Unreal Engine technology not only provides game developers the ability to build high-fidelity, interactive experiences for PC, console, mobile, and VR, it is also a tool being embraced by content creators across a variety of industries such as media and entertainment, automotive, and architectural design. As we continue to build our Engine technology and develop remarkable games, we strive to build teams of world-class talent.  Epic Games is looking for an experienced Technical Artist to provide clear, broad-level support of Unreal Engine to current and future licensees from the perspective of the in-editor tool set. Your primary goal would be to impart your skills to licensees who need to solve technical/artistic issues in their projects, particularly those that lie outside of source code. Your primary tasks will involve direct support with licensees, tools development for the engine, and creating content to showcase the ability of the current and future generations of the engine. The person in this role will be responsible for the following:Diagnosing problems Unreal Engine licenses may be having with their contentTeaching processes to other developersWilling to travel up to 60% of the timeProfessional game development experienceContent development experience with Unreal Editor and/or UDKExperience in all aspects of creating game content inside a 3D art package (3DS Max is preferred)Experience with other game content creation software such as Photoshop and Zbrush/MudboxUnderstanding of the technical requirements for developing content for real-time 3D games.Excellent verbal and written communication skillsPassionate about working with developers to create quality-focused content to push the limits of the engineAbility to give technical presentations to large groups of peopleExperience communicating on a technical level with programmersThe ideal candidate will have a mix of the qualifications below:Strong familiarly with Unreal Engine 4; preferably with shipped titles(s)Comfortable using multiple aspects of the Unreal Editor including; creation of sophisticated Blueprint scripts, materials, particle effects, animation setups, scene/level creation, and lightingComfortable generating 3D game assets using 3ds Max/Maya, Photoshop, ZBrush, etc.Experience performing various tech art related tasks such as; shader development, special effects creation, level constructionDetail oriented with strong communication skills; both verbal and writtenExperience providing support, assistance, training or documentation to artistsAbility to write tools in their spare timeExperience with one or more of the following; Python, C#, Mel, etc.Ability to debug problems in the art import/export pipelineShipped-game experience highly desirable Please submit your resume with a portfolio and we’ll be in touch soon.  This is going to be Epic! #LI1
 About EngilityEngility delivers innovative solutions to critical challenges facing the nation and the world. As a premier provider of integrated services for the U.S. government, we support the Department of Defense, intelligence community, space communities, federal civilian agencies and international customers. Engility is dedicated to making lives better, safer and more secure.DescriptionEngility’s NASA Aeronautics group provides support to NASA in all disciplines required for Air Traffic Control (ATC) and Air Traffic Management (ATM) Advanced Concept Development, System analysis, Decision Support Tool Design and Development and Field Observations and evaluations. Duties and responsibilities:Provide system design and software development support to projects investigating advanced civil air traffic control (ATC/ATM) concepts, with special emphasis on user interfaces.Interfacing with customers, including human factors and graphic designers, to determine requirements, as well as software development, source control management, debugging, and code reviews.Support the writing of technical proposals and provide team management for upcoming contracts. Required Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, engineering or physical sciences.Minimum of 14 years of relevant experience.Minimum of 5 years of experience designing and developing graphical user interfaces to meet customer requirements.Experience developing tablet apps (preferably iPad).Knowledge of C++ and understanding of object oriented code.Knowledge of cross-platform development between Windows, Linux and iOS.Experience with Qt/QML.Knowledge of aviation industry, particularly cockpit pilot procedures and ATC En-route operations.Desired QualificationsAdvanced degree in computer science, mathematics, engineering or physical sciences.Experience using version control systems such as Git.Software documentation experience.Multi-threaded processing experience.Experience programming secure socket communications (specifically TCP/IP SSL). #LI-KT1
 Current employees and contingent workers click here to apply and search by the Job Posting Title.iHeartMediaJob Summary:Develops new and enhances or maintains existing software components.Responsibilities  • Serves as the expert in object-oriented and component-based development, patterns and design for reuse; applies test driven design and works towards automating and standardizing practices.  • Sets and achieves build schedules; builds and maintain a suite of native apps.  • Eliminates impediments and performs design and code reviews.  • Builds intermediate to highly complex, high quality software components by analyzing, creating, designing and coding, troubleshooting and unit testing for new products.  • Creates and executes installation scripts.  • Designs new features and enhancements for existing products.  • Delivers high quality software components with minimal defects; identifies and resolves errors and related software problems.  • Creates and documents component specifications and detailed designs by working with Architects to implement specific system architecture; analyzes customer and internal requirements and specifications, and translates into the software design.  • Identifies and resolves potential risks and issues; works in teams to implement mitigation plans and processes.  • Builds and delivers phase exit review items; works with team members to follow CCIT processes and practices for project delivery.  • Works with and adapts iHeartMedia’s Continuous Integration environment to ensure a smooth and high quality release cycle in a fast-paced Agile environment.  Qualifications  • Ability to architect and create an Automation Framework using Selenium, Appium, and/or open source technologies  • Can build advanced automated functional and load test suites to exercise iHeartRadio’s Application  • Demonstrated in-depth understanding of the software delivery life cycle  • Strong ability to perform and utilize testing techniques to troubleshoot hardware and software configuration issues; good debugging skills  • Ability to write and execute test cases for the overall iHeartRadio platform, which includes mobile, Internet-enabled devices and web browser, with an emphasis on functionality and features of the product  • Demonstrated ability to conduct testing, including end-to-end and user acceptance testing phases, using best practices in software testing agile methodologies  • Ability to design software using OOA/D, UML, design patterns, data modeling, and ERDs  • Adept at profiling and tuning applications for CPU/memory use  • Can increase the maintainability of codebase by writing future-proof code with an emphasis on extensibility and reusability  • Detail oriented with excellent verbal and written skills; ability to communicate at detailed technical level as well as to distill advanced concepts into fundamental principles for teammates  • Can deliver creative technical solutions that are scalable  • Understanding of web and mobile standards  • Strong skills in multi-tasking day-to-day activities and effectively identifying issues in a variety of hardware and software environments  • Able to work individually and within a team  Work Experience  • 2-4+ years’ test experience in web, Internet or mobile technologies with a thorough knowledge of Agile principles and QA methodologies  • 4+ years of experience with Objective-C and iOS SDK  Education  • B.S. in Computer Science, IS Engineering, or related field; M.S. preferred  Certifications  • None required LocationAustin, TX: 3601 S Congress Avenue, Bldg F, 78704Position TypeRegularThe Company is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status.  Our organization participates in E-Verify. Click here to learn about E-Verify.  Current employees and contingent workers click here to apply and search by the Job Posting Title.
 The Forge team drives Redapts digital transformation and cloud adoption initiatives. Its mission is to enable quantum leaps in production efficiencies by building enterprise applications focused on automating hardware configuration.  The Senior Software Development Engineer will report to the Director of Software Engineering and Product  As a Senior Software Development Engineer on the Forge team you will build challenging enterprise systems, products and applications. You will design and develop hardware configuration applications, work order management apps, customer facing APIs, B2B portals, workflow/process automation and more.  The ideal candidate will have a passion for building applications that interact with datacenter systems across varied OEM providers. Responsibilities:Lead the design and development of advanced automated systems responsible for hardware inventory validation, configuration, provisioning, and testing of data center infrastructureDrive engineering efforts from planning and organization to execution and deliveryInvestigate and solve engineering challenges in process and workflow automationDesign and build customer facing APIs and portalsAnalyze and decompose complex software systems and collaboratively influence others to improve the overall designMentor and guide team membersGuide team members to make optimal product/technical decisionsQualifications:Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalentStrong Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithms and problem solvingAt least 10 years professional experience within an engineering organizationExperience with at least one modern programming language such as Java, C/C++, C#, Python, or RubyScripting skills in Perl, Shell, or another common languagesExperience developing, deploying and maintaining apps on AWS cloud.Track record for being detail-oriented with a demonstrated ability to self-motivate and follow-through on projectsAbility to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical individualsPreferred QualificationsProfessional experience with various configuration management tools (Chef, Ansible, Puppet, Salt etc.)Experience with modern JavaScript libraries or frameworksExtensive knowledge of Unix/Linux environments You should be eligible to work for any employer in the USA to be considered for this job. We will not be sponsoring work visas for this role.
Description Our Software Engineers are energetic influencers who thrive on designing simple and scalable solutions to complex problems, and delivering leading edge software products for our customers. We are looking for exceptionally ambitious and communicative hands-on individuals who are comfortable collaborating within the Agile methodology as part of a cross-functional team, have experience working in fast-paced environments, and who have the passion and skills to take our product offerings to the next level.  As a Software Engineer you will work in a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, while contributing to the engineering efforts of one of our scrum teams. You will be challenged to engineer right-sized solutions for complex business problems. You will apply your knowledge of modern software design, best practices, design patterns, and frameworks, with an understanding of application performance and maintainability. You will aspire to use new technologies and challenge yourself to develop innovative solutions. You will work alongside developers and technical leads on a team where collaborative programming and mentoring is regularly practiced. Technologies we use: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Java and/or .NET ecosystems Your Role:Construct and manage services published to both internal and external consumers.Implement platform-level components including event architectures, messaging, and caching solutions.Write readable, maintainable, and efficient code.Design and implementation of REST APIs, services, system tasks and cloud solutions.Enhance performance and reliability of our current solutions.Collaborate with team members on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements.Evangelize new ideas within your team as well as across teams.Explore open source or industry standard solutions that could be a fit for the organization.Being a passionate and flexible engineer, collaborate with your team to achieve and exceed the goal to build, deploy, monitor and manage a highly performing and highly available production system.QualificationsBA/BS degree in Computer Science or related field. Advanced technical degree and/or related training a plus2-5 years of development experienceProven ability to work collaboratively and independently to design, develop and deploy solutionsExperience designing and implementing applications with highly optimized and scalable architecturesStrong Java and/or .NET skills and object-oriented design experience, including working knowledge of the Java web technology platform, applied use of design patterns, and MVC technologies.Experience with Amazon Web Services technologiesStrong understanding of industry development, deployment processes and agile development methodologies desired.Knowledge of session management, object relational mapping, XML web services is a plus.Experience with SiteMinder, PingFederate or Cognito is a plus.Experience with DataPower is a plus.About Cox Automotive Cox Automotive is transforming the way the world buys, sells and owns cars with industry-leading digital marketing, retail, financial and wholesale solutions for consumers, dealers, manufacturers and the overall automotive ecosystem worldwide. The Cox Automotive family includes Autotrader®, Dealer.com®, Dealertrack®, Kelley Blue Book®, Manheim®, NextGear Capital®, vAuto®, VinSolutions®, Xtime®, incadea® and a host of other brands. With a complete and connected view of the automotive ecosystem, Cox Automotive is a global company connecting people, cars and capabilities with services that link the automotive value chain. Cox Automotive is a subsidiary of Cox Enterprises. For more information about Cox Automotive, visit www.coxautoinc.com.Organization: Cox Automotive Primary Location: US-NY-North Hills-3400 New Hyde Park Rd Employee Status: Regular Job Level: Individual Contributor Shift: Day Job Travel: No Schedule: Full-time Unposting Date: Ongoing
Overview: What’s it like to work at FinFit? Well, awesome! We work hard, play hard and treat each other like family. FinFit’s work culture is vibrant, energetic and ever evolving. Innovation is not only encouraged, but expected. We are seeking individuals with the unique ability to excel in their area of expertise, communicate effectively with team members to get things done and continually strive for excellence. FinFit supports a growing, thriving environment that values bright, motivated people working together to drive innovation in online financial wellness services. **Important - No recruiters, please. This is not a remote position. Candidates that are not located in the Virginia Beach/Hampton Roads area WILL NOT be considered regardless of the ability of self relocation. We are not able to offer VISA sponsorship for this position at this time.Essential ResponsibilitiesAnalyze and provide solutions for complex tasks and projects, providing design documentation as requiredWork together with the team in an Agile scrum environment on projects to deliver high quality and efficient solutionsProvide accurate and timely estimates for project tasksParticipate in code reviews to ensure the work delivered by the team is of high quality standardsProvide support for production related issuesShow excellent analytical, problem solving and troubleshooting abilitiesAbility to work both independently and in a team environmentRequired Knowledge, Skills and AbilitiesBachelor's degree desired; majors include Computer Science, Information Systems, or related work experience may be consideredStrong database experience with SQL Server, creating SQL database objects such as stored procedures, queries, views, functions, etc.3+ years development experience in a professional working environment with SQL/C#/.NETExperience with web technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, and jQuery are preferredKnowledge of Agile MethodologiesExperience writing unit and system testsHands-on experience with source control & release management systems such as TFS, SVN and GitStrong communication skillsFinance/Accounting Industry experience a plus
 Overview  We have a unique opportunity for a Software Engineer to learn big data systems, scalable architecture and data security while working with a small team of extraordinary engineers developing a next generation enterprise data lake and analytic applications for the Healthcare Industry. ResponsibilitiesYou will work with smart people like you using proven technologies and tools to deliver data processing infrastructure that meets business requirements.You will learn to use best design and development practices and introduce your own while working on ingesting data from multiple sources, cleaning and transforming the feed to meet specification for target systems.You will participate in architecture review sessions and expend your area of expertise. You will improve your understanding of data and transport security and work with HIPAA certified services and protocols.You will work on data integration projects, performing system configuration, creating designs according to specification, coding and testing the functionality that adds value to our customers.You will have a lot of autonomy with full accountability for your work and have an environment where you could be successful at achieving your career aspirations.Other duties as requested and/or determinedQualificationsBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering etc.2-3 years of commercial software engineering experienceExperience working on a system that involves processing large number of transactions originating from multiple sources. Ability to articulate challenges of the multifaceted data aggregation systems.Ability to demonstrate understanding of complex enterprise-level systems, causal dependencies and relationship between components.Hands-on experience with design patterns, data structures, algorithm with ability to demonstrate applicability and clearly articulate/defend choices.Experience creating technical specifications, designs and architecture presentations.Inspired by code quality and understand that testability is a function of engineering. Ability to demonstrate unit testing in action using dependency injection and mock frameworks.Willingness to perform system administration tasks, dev ops and maintenance. Understanding how to proactively monitor and measure system stability and performance.Several years working with relational databases, proficient at SQL execution analysis, data aggregation and transformation procedures. Familiar with database performance optimization.Experience working with systems that support continues integration and can fully appreciate the development cycle.The discipline to manage your workload, take accountability for your work, dig deeply and try harder to learn into the large dynamic technical landscape which comes with the territory.Excellent verbal and written communications skillsAbility to provide extra effort when necessary to meet deadlinesTravel: 10%
 Moxie is looking for an Email Developer who will be responsible for developing email, using HTML, CSS, media queries and various ESP tools. The ideal Developer will have team experience, and have a minimum of 2+ years of email development and/or ESP programming experience. Candidates with a demonstrated aptitude in email development. Experience with Silverpop, Adobe Campaign, ExactTarget or Responsys are a plus. ResponsibilitiesUnderstand industry best practices related to email development.Develop HTML emails using HTML, CSS and media queries.Responsive/adaptive email experience. Portfolio examples required.Proficiency in implementing email programs within ESP tool limitations.Work with Leads to implement best practices and department processes.Comfortably handle change requests and provide quick and efficient solutions.Proactively provide ideas and solutions towards the improvement of the process and the business.Help assess risk and impact on the existing systems that may arise due to any requirement or functional change.Required Knowledge/Skills/ExperienceBachelor Degree or higher in Computer Science or an equivalent amount of relevant experience including design, development and testing (must explain relevancy of experience).2+ years of hands-on, software development using current HTML/CSS standards (1+ years must be in a team setting/environment).Ability to communicate clearly and display a high level of professionalism, including the ability to work with internal/external staff and business-minded clients.Solid written and verbal communication skills.Ability to learn new technologies quickly and create improved efficiency.Ability to work independently at times on multiple tasks while remaining organized..ABOUT MOXIE Moxie is a modern marketing solutions agency that expertly leverages the value of data, content and technology to help our clients grow. We push the boundaries of what's possible to outperform the competition in the areas of strategy, creative, social marketing, media, analytics and technology development. Founded in 2000, Moxie has 300+ talented employees in Atlanta, Los Angeles, New York and Pittsburgh. Owned by global media giant Zenith part of the Publicis Groupe Moxie is able to quickly leverage cross-company areas of enterprise, talent, experience, resources and tools. Moxie's client roster includes Verizon Wireless, Verizon FiOS, Delta, Porsche, American Cancer Society, Ocean Spray, Wells Fargo, The Coca-Cola Company, 20th Century Fox, Chick-fil-A, Nike, Ainsworth Pet Nutrition and Cisco Systems.
About Us Our mission is to empower people to lead healthy and blissful lives. We bring delicious and nutritious drinks and snacks into the office workplace, where people spend a majority of their lives. We seek out the healthiest and tastiest foods to ensure our customers are happy, healthy and more productive. The Role As a Software Developer Lead at Oh My Green, you will build the future look and feel of our platform (including quantified self, analytics, and personalized recommendation features). You will have the opportunity to work with a very talented team of former Google, LinkedIn, and Glassdoor engineers. The RoleBuild robust and scalable software using the best tech for the job. Our current stack includes Ruby/Rails, React/Redux, Postgres, and React Native, IOS, R, PythonProvide high-level guidance for technology, ensuring good architecture and designMentor and support other members of the engineering team on a technical levelKeep your code quality high and help your teammates do the sameWork with the product and design teams to understand end-user requirements; formulate use cases, and then translate that into a pragmatic and effective technical solutionAbout You3-7 years experience in a Senior Engineering roleBachelors, masters, or doctorate degree in a related field, or an intriguing reason for not having oneExperience working in highly collaborative environment, with great communication skills.Solid software design knowledge you should know how to create software thats extensible, reusable, and does what its supposed toExperience with React and Redux preferredUnderstanding of Ruby, and the Rails framework or one of the backend frameworks preferredExperience as a technical team lead preferred Full benefits are available; including 100% coverage for medical, dental and vision premiums, short and long-term disability, life insurance, 401k, unlimited PTO, personal & professional growth trainings, in-office massages and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy snacks and beverages!  This is a perfect way to get your foot into the door at a fast growing startup company. We've been around for over two years and our customers love what we do. Our cultural values are FORCE (fun, open, respectful, collaborative, and excellent). If you are passionate about your health, organic food, nutrition and wellness and are looking for a fast-paced, fun place to work with a vibrant culture, we want you to join our team!
 The Associate Software Developer is an entry level position. As an Associate Software Developer, you  will be responsible for designing, implementing (which includes writing  programming code), testing, and documenting software systems. This includes  developing new features, enhancing existing features and maintaining the  existing programming code including performing bug fixes. This position serves  as a career entry point into Software Engineering and offers the potential for  growth within the Clever Devices organization. Primary Responsibilities:Write  maintainable, clean, re-usable, object-oriented, and efficient programming code  in compliance with department standards and templatesWork  within source control utilizing branching, merging, proper check-in procedures,  and passing of continuous builds to ensure that software is always releasablePractice  Test Driven Development (TDD) and ensuring that unit tests are created prior to  writing programming code and that any programming code is structured in such a  way to maximize testabilityResolve  software bugs in the programming code and modify unit tests to prevent future  regressionPerform  various types of testing including black box, white box, integration,  functional, systems, sanity, smoke, regression, acceptance, stress, load,  performance, usability, installation, recovery, security, compatibility, and  more on software systemsWork  within the context of department processes and proceduresPeer  review programming code and participate in code reviewsLearn  and understand the technical details of all relevant products and having  hands-on familiarity of the system as requiredContribute  fresh, new ideas during developer meetings demonstrating a commitment on-going  learningUtilizing  code coverage, code metrics, and other tools to improve quality of codeRaise  concerns to management and team membersAny  other tasks required by managementSkills Required:BS  degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or a related discipline is  required. MS degree a plus.Strong  written and verbal communication skillsEntry-level  working knowledge and skill with either C#/.NET 4.0 and greater or Java is  essential. Skills in both would be an asset.Educational  or real-time work experience working with a relational database management  system such as SQL Server 2008 R2 or greater or Oracle creating some relational  database objects (tables, columns, stored procedures, scalar and table-valued  functions, etc.)Experience  with debugging techniques, such as breakpoints, watches, etc.Experience  with a version control system such as Team Foundation Server or SVN  (Subversion)Ability to quickly and independently  learn about new technologies, business and technical terms and concepts is  essentialAbility to discern between  value-added and frivolous workAbility  to work as part of a team and also individually with a self-starter ("can  do") attitudeComfortable  speaking and interacting with technical and non-technical peopleExcellent  research, analytical, and organization skills with an exceptional eye for  detailAbility  to perform work activities according to set priorities and delivery timelinesAbility  to take constructive criticismDesire  to participate in speaking engagements or be involved within user or other  community groups or any other events attended by the departmentExperience  working in an Agile environment is an asset
 Have you ever wondered what it would feel like to be a part of an entrepreneurial company where your unique abilities are celebrated, you increase your creative energy and your role adds value every day? Sound impossible? It’s not.  La Macchia Enterprises (LME) has a unique story of being family-owned for over 40 years. We turn vacation dreams into long-lasting memories by focusing on our customers’ End-to-End Experience at every touch point. Our 1,000+ team members embody our core values, making us a global leader in leisure travel and technology. Our team is the reason we’ve earned a spot on the Top Workplaces list for multiple years.  Trisept Solutions, a division of LME, was the first to process an online vacation booking. Trisept has continued its evolution working with the leading global airlines, hotels and theme parks to provide cutting-edge technology solutions. Visitwww.triseptsolutions.com to continue the story.  Now it’s your turn to enhance your career with Trisept Solutions. Grow and learn with us as an Application Software Developer. You will write, test, and document solutions for projects and problems of limited to moderate complexity. You will also perform supervised systems analysis and design work on problems of limited scope. In this role, you will also interact with technical staff, clients, and vendors to ensure our e-commerce solutions for the travel industry are the best available in the competitive, fast-paced online marketplace.  A successfulApplication Software Developer will: Contribute to team's goal of successfully completing software development projects.Maintain the team's application portfolio.Design programmatic solutions within the architectural constraints of the applications.Design simple data structure and/or file solutions.Isolate and resolves reported application problems.Assist with the creation of project specifications, documentation and prototypes.Write programs according to specification.Requirements:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS or a related field from a 4 year college or university or an equivalent combination of education and experience.One or more high level programming languages.Effective software development practices.Relational database concepts.Written and verbal communication.Problem solving and analytical skillsEnjoys working with a teamBenefits at a Glance:Medical/Dental/Vision InsuranceShort and Long Term DisabilityLife InsuranceFlexible Spending Accounts401(k) with employer matchGenerous time off planTuition ReimbursementTravel DiscountsTeam Member Referral ProgramWellness Program We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free and tobacco-free workplace and perform pre-employment background checks.
Software Developer-Database AdministratorSummary of Position: Responsible for designing, modifying, developing, writing, and implementing software programming applications and components. They should be able to multitask on a variety of projects in a positive and professional manner, with a strong ability to work in a fast paced, highly detailed and deadline driven environment.Essential Duties & Responsibilities:Utilize established development tools, guidelines and conventions including but not limited to Visual Studio and SQL Server Management StudioCreate and maintain SSRS reportsDesign, code, and test new Windows and Web software applicationsEnhance existing systems by analyzing business objective, preparing an action plan, and identifying areas for modification and improvementMaintain existing software systems by identifying and correcting software defectsInvestigate and develop skills in modern technologiesCreate technical specifications and test plansCreate and maintain operational documentationConsult with management and end users related to projects and tasksConsult colleagues concerning maintenance and performance of software systemsImplement new softwareManage multiple projects and tasksOptimize SQL server architecture and SQL applications for performanceManage SQL application user securityQualifications & Requirements:Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related fieldMust have knowledge of VB.Net, C# and Microsoft SQL ServerAbout the Company-Natoli EngineeringLocated in St. Charles, Missouri, (near the Chesterfield Valley)Global leader in the manufacturing of tablet compression products and servicesWe serve the pharmaceutical, nutritional, confectionery, industrial, and veterinary industries.We are a family owned business and have been in business for over 40 years.We have never had a layoff.Benefits:Free medical, dental, and life insurance for the employeeCompany match 401(k)Paid vacation and paid holidaysOnsite CaféGym membership bonus
 What You'll DoAs a Manager of Software Development, you will lead a highly motivated team developing platform software for industry leading network security products.Lead the team to define, architect, design, and deliver platform software and features.Contribute to functional specifications and product roadmapCollaborate with product owners, architects and executive team in defining and prioritizing work for the team.Mentor engineers & provide guidance and architectural direction to junior members of the team.Sustain a large install base and work with engineering escalations to quickly resolve customer issues.Who You'll Work With You will lead a team that is passionate about developing leading edge security products. You will work closely with the hardware team to provide software support for new hardware platforms. Who You AreYou are a seasoned leader with excellent technical skills.Have a deep understanding of embedded software engineering, including Linux kernel and hardware device drivers.You work well independently and with a globally dispersed teamAgile development experience is a plusTypically requires MSEE/CS combined with 10 plus years of related experience, or BSEE/CS combined with 12 plus years related experienceWhy Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.  We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  #We Are Cisco  dicedev#GD2015
 Designs and develop Call Processing, Call Recording and Product Provisioning Software applications. Performs requirements gathering, designing solution, coding, debugging, testing and troubleshooting throughout the application development process. Analyze business requirementsProvide Level of Efforts (LOE) for analysis, design and codingDevelop technical requirements and interface specificationsIdentify skillset gaps and acquire required skillsets to implement solutionWrite Code to implement Call Processing softwarePerform unit, functional, integration and performance software testingPrepares software deployment packages for Pre-Production and ProductionProvides technical supports to client support teamsResolve Critical production issues with sense of urgencyConduct Proof Of Concept (POC) to implement proposed solutionFocus on new Development efforts starting from inception to successful deployment of 1st release in production.Develop Project Strawman (high level work break down structure) to deliver project on timeCollaborate with other development teams, Architects, Project Management, Q/A, Production Support to deliver cross-functional projects within existing architecture.Conduct Showcases to Business PartnersBachelor’s Degree is required in one of the following: Telecom, Engineering, Computer Science, MIS, or related field. May be relaxed with equivalent work experience proven certifications.5+ years of Java or C++ experience building the server side of enterprise level system3+ years of experience developing and running under LinuxExperience in designing and developing Multi-threaded high performance, highly scalable applications using Java or C++Experience with protocols such as VoIP/SIP, RTP, SDP All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.
 Responsible for the design, development, testing, installation, and field support of PC based hardware and software for industrial equipment in an industrial environment. The applicant should be familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within software engineering. Rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Perform a variety of tasks. Work in a team environment under general supervision with an intensive safety culture; typically report to an engineering leader or supervisor. A certain degree of creativity and independence is also expected. A software engineer will:Develop and maintain the programs and codes for the operation of the company’s machinesHelp develop engineering and functional system specifications with input from sales personnel, customers, service technicians, assembly technicians.Develop, prepare, and maintain comprehensive program documentation in areas related to diagnostics, information systems, data collection and communication with other peripheral equipment.Apply ingenuity in programming, hardware/software integration, and system diagnostics to support machine based control systems.Keep current on latest developments concerning system architectures that could be implemented as parts of machine control systems.Act as a liaison to production assembly, service, and system suppliers to furnish information and documentation. As required, assist in the check-out, machine installation, and startup of mechanical functionality and control system software.Interface directly with customers to identify customer expectations and specifications. Will also be part of a team to analyze control system malfunctions.Work in an industrial environment with an intensive safety culture.Domestic and international travel is required, up to 25% per year. Knowledge & Skills required for this position:Knowledge or experience in Microsoft technologies like C#, VB.NET, MS SQL Server and to a lesser extent C and Assembly language for supporting legacy equipment.Knowledge or experience in Entity Framework, Model View Controller (MVC) design, JavaScript, ASP.NET and to a lesser extent HTTPS, SSL, RSA keys and networking for new project development.Excellent communication and customer service skills.Electrical blueprint reading. Work Experience:One to five years of experience in the computer/software engineering field in a manufacturing environment is preferred, but not required. Education:Bachelor’s degree in computer science/software engineering or equivalent experience.  The ideal candidate will be highly self-motivated, persuasive, intelligent and well educated. The individual’s personal style will need to be suited to a culture which is team based, entrepreneurial, fast paced, value-driven with high corporate standards. The individual will need to be very comfortable working in a lean, matrixed, highly customer focused organization with strong ethical standards.  BW Papersystems, part of Barry-Wehmiller, combines extremely strong brands, innovative technologies and long-standing global experience in the corrugating and finishing, sheeting and packaging, and stationery, book-binding and security-documents industries. BW Papersystems brings together nine brands—BW Bielomatik (BWB), Curioni, JAG SYNCHRO, Kugler-Womako, MarquipWardUnited (MWU), SHM, VortX, WillPemcoBielomatik (WPB) and Wrapmatic—that synthesize manufacturing in the paper process industries. We offer market-leading technology for full corrugators in a variety of configurations, rugged rotary die cutters and flexo folder gluers, as well as starch-mixing systems. Customers rely on us for folio-size, cut-size and digital-size sheeting and packaging of paper, board and other materials. In addition, BW Papersystems’ portfolio includes stationery, passport production and specialized paper-converting applications, as well as book-on-demand binding lines, digital print finishing and RFID processing technology. For more, go to www.bwpapersystems.com.  Barry-Wehmiller is a diversified global supplier of engineering consulting and manufacturing technology for the packaging, corrugating, sheeting and paper-converting industries. By blending people-centric leadership with disciplined operational strategies and purpose-driven growth, Barry-Wehmiller has become a $2-plus billion organization with more than 11,000 team members united by a common belief: to use the power of business to build a better world. For more information, go to www.barrywehmiller.com and visit our CEO Bob Chapman’s blog at www.trulyhumanleadership.com.
 Software DeveloperFuturex is seeking talented individuals of all skill levels with a passion for developing innovative, software-based solutions to complex data encryption tasks based within our suite of hardware cryptographic modules. Our world-class software engineering team is based at Futurex's Engineering Campus in the Hill Country just north of San Antonio, Texas.  This role offers an opportunity for skilled individuals to expand their talents by participating directly in the development of production software. Individual visibility within the team is high, and opportunities for rapid advancement exist. All levels of Futurex software engineers work directly on production-level code in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment on products with a rapid time to market.  Ideal candidates perform moderate to highly complex application development work involving Futurex's line of globally-recognized, cross-platform data encryption solutions. The position involves extending existing applications and developing new ones, as well as documenting methods and procedures used in program development, and testing, correcting, and revising programs.  Qualified candidates must be willing to work under general supervision with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Candidates must have general knowledge of the principles, practices, and techniques of computer programming and systems analysis, of computer operations, procedures, and systems, and of computer programming languages.  Qualified candidates should possess the ability to process information logically, to design programs and systems based on defined requirements, to prepare program specifications, to code, test, and debug computer programs, to interpret technical information relating to computer programming and other areas of data processing, to perform mathematical calculations, and to communicate effectively. The position includes a generous compensation and incentive pay package.  Our currently open software developer positions are listed at our careers page; however, we are continuously looking for the best and the brightest engineers to join our team, and will always welcome resume submissions directly to careers@futurex.com for consideration even if no specific opening is listed. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIESDesign, code, test and troubleshoot new applications developed for Futurex's line of embedded cryptographic devicesDevelop and document APIs and protocols used when interfacing with external systemsAnalyze performance of programs and take action to correct deficiencies based on consultation with users and approval of supervisorConfer with users to gain understanding of needed changes or modifications of existing programs. Resolve questions of program intent, data input, output requirements, and inclusion of internal checks and controlsWrite and maintain programming documentationMaintain confidentiality with regard to the information being processed, stored or accessedDocument programming problems and resolutions for future referenceBENEFITSPlay a key role in production-level software projects and work directly on the development of cutting-edge embedded encryption technology with a fast time to market.Competitive compensation and opportunities for advancement.Scenic corporate campus with amenities including a tennis court, jogging trail, and putting green.Welcoming, family-style corporate culture uniquely suited to fast-paced, entrepreneurial, and motivated individuals.QUALIFICATIONSBachelor's degree or higher in computer science or engineering.Software development experience in C and/or C++Experience developing multi-tiered architecturesMotivated, self-starting, and eager to learnSTRONGLY PREFERExperience with Linux, QT, OpenSSL, Subversion, scripting (Python, Perl, Bash).Solid understanding of computer internals, code compiler processes, and TCP/IP networking.Experience with multiple architectures and platforms, particularly PowerPC or ARM.SQL programming and basic understanding of relational databases.Knowledge of cryptographic methods, principles, and standards.LOCATIONScenic corporate campus located approximately 15 minutes north of San Antonio, Texas.

JOB SUMMARYThe Development Associate: conducts research, reviews approved projects, and identifies funding opportunities, prepares grant proposals and reports and maintains a grant calendar/database, develops relationships with foundation staff and donors and responds to development inquiries, and writes and edits fundraising appeals, donor engagement materials, and other development content. The Development Associate is a member of the Development Team and falls under the Advancement Division. He/she assists with other projects as needed to ensure that Zoo fundraising goals are achieved. SPECIFIC DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESGrant writing and Reporting• Research and identify funding sources from Foundations and Corporations as well as government agencies (local, state, and federal) to support Zoo programs, capital projects/campaigns, and general operations.• Work with staff to identify projects for funding, ensuring that all submitted grants are for projects that meet Zoo priorities and are approved by senior leadership. • Prepare and submit clear, concise, and timely proposals, grant reports, and updates according to funder guidelines. Coordinate submission of reimbursement documentation and contracts when required. • Organize and maintain proposals, grant documents, and portal passwords so that they are available for review as needed, with all relevant data entered into Tessitura. • Route grants to the appropriate leadership (CEO, CFO, VPs, directors, program staff, and/or financial staff) to solicit feedback, verify information, obtain approved budgets and financials, and ensure programs are accurately represented. Coordinate with relevant staff to measure and evaluate outcomes.Development/Advancement Writing• Create, edit and/or assist with Development/Advancement content, including newsletters, annual appeals, the annual report, web and social content, and collateral materials for members, donors, and prospects, coordinating with other departments as necessary. • Respond to donor questions and manage external requests sent to the development team. • Support the greater efforts of the Advancement division/perform other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS• Minimum of two years’ experience writing proposals, fundraising appeals, and other business/persuasive forms of writing. Non-profit grant writing experience, including successful solicitation of private and/or public funds, is preferred. • Bachelor’s degree in English, Journalism, Communications, or other related field.• Knowledge of basic fundraising techniques and strategies.• Above average English usage, grammar, spelling, punctuation and vocabulary.• Excellent writing skills, strong attention to detail, and an ability to stay focused and manage multiple concurrent tasks in a busy environment with changing priorities. • Demonstrated ability to develop meaningful relationships with donors, prospects, board members, and the external community. Familiarity with foundations and major donors in North Texas is a plus. • Self-starter with a strategic approach to problem solving.• Personable presence and demeanor.• Outstanding commitment to customer service.• Command of Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint.• Willingness and ability to learn and utilize Tessitura. Past experience working with Tessitura, Raiser’s Edge, or other donor management software is a plus. • Organized, energetic, flexible, detail-oriented, and computer proficient.• Commitment to the mission and values of the Dallas Zoo.• Must have good observational skills and be able to communicate effectively both orally and in writing.WORK ENVIRONMENT• Must be able to walk, stand, sit, kneel, stoop, twist, reach above head, pull bend, climb stairs and carry up to 25lbs. • Must be able to work holidays and weekends as needed.• Must have a valid Texas driver’s license to operate Zoo vehicles with reliable transportationSuccessful candidates must complete pre-employment drug screening, background check and TB test. 
 About EngilityEngility delivers innovative solutions to critical challenges facing the nation and the world. As a premier provider of integrated services for the U.S. government, we support the Department of Defense, intelligence community, space communities, federal civilian agencies and international customers. Engility is dedicated to making lives better, safer and more secure.DescriptionEngility’s NASA Aeronautics group provides support to NASA in all disciplines required for Air Traffic Control (ATC) and Air Traffic Management (ATM) Advanced Concept Development, System analysis, Decision Support Tool Design and Development and Field Observations and evaluations. Duties and responsibilities:Provide system design and software development support to projects investigating advanced civil air traffic control (ATC/ATM) concepts, with special emphasis on user interfaces.Interfacing with customers, including human factors and graphic designers, to determine requirements, as well as software development, source control management, debugging, and code reviews.Support the writing of technical proposals and provide team management for upcoming contracts. Required Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, engineering or physical sciences.Minimum of 14 years of relevant experience.Minimum of 5 years of experience designing and developing graphical user interfaces to meet customer requirements.Experience developing tablet apps (preferably iPad).Knowledge of C++ and understanding of object oriented code.Knowledge of cross-platform development between Windows, Linux and iOS.Experience with Qt/QML.Knowledge of aviation industry, particularly cockpit pilot procedures and ATC En-route operations.Desired QualificationsAdvanced degree in computer science, mathematics, engineering or physical sciences.Experience using version control systems such as Git.Software documentation experience.Multi-threaded processing experience.Experience programming secure socket communications (specifically TCP/IP SSL). #LI-KT1
 The Forge team drives Redapts digital transformation and cloud adoption initiatives. Its mission is to enable quantum leaps in production efficiencies by building enterprise applications focused on automating hardware configuration.  The Senior Software Development Engineer will report to the Director of Software Engineering and Product  As a Senior Software Development Engineer on the Forge team you will build challenging enterprise systems, products and applications. You will design and develop hardware configuration applications, work order management apps, customer facing APIs, B2B portals, workflow/process automation and more.  The ideal candidate will have a passion for building applications that interact with datacenter systems across varied OEM providers. Responsibilities:Lead the design and development of advanced automated systems responsible for hardware inventory validation, configuration, provisioning, and testing of data center infrastructureDrive engineering efforts from planning and organization to execution and deliveryInvestigate and solve engineering challenges in process and workflow automationDesign and build customer facing APIs and portalsAnalyze and decompose complex software systems and collaboratively influence others to improve the overall designMentor and guide team membersGuide team members to make optimal product/technical decisionsQualifications:Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalentStrong Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithms and problem solvingAt least 10 years professional experience within an engineering organizationExperience with at least one modern programming language such as Java, C/C++, C#, Python, or RubyScripting skills in Perl, Shell, or another common languagesExperience developing, deploying and maintaining apps on AWS cloud.Track record for being detail-oriented with a demonstrated ability to self-motivate and follow-through on projectsAbility to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical individualsPreferred QualificationsProfessional experience with various configuration management tools (Chef, Ansible, Puppet, Salt etc.)Experience with modern JavaScript libraries or frameworksExtensive knowledge of Unix/Linux environments You should be eligible to work for any employer in the USA to be considered for this job. We will not be sponsoring work visas for this role.
Overview: What’s it like to work at FinFit? Well, awesome! We work hard, play hard and treat each other like family. FinFit’s work culture is vibrant, energetic and ever evolving. Innovation is not only encouraged, but expected. We are seeking individuals with the unique ability to excel in their area of expertise, communicate effectively with team members to get things done and continually strive for excellence. FinFit supports a growing, thriving environment that values bright, motivated people working together to drive innovation in online financial wellness services. **Important - No recruiters, please. This is not a remote position. Candidates that are not located in the Virginia Beach/Hampton Roads area WILL NOT be considered regardless of the ability of self relocation. We are not able to offer VISA sponsorship for this position at this time.Essential ResponsibilitiesAnalyze and provide solutions for complex tasks and projects, providing design documentation as requiredWork together with the team in an Agile scrum environment on projects to deliver high quality and efficient solutionsProvide accurate and timely estimates for project tasksParticipate in code reviews to ensure the work delivered by the team is of high quality standardsProvide support for production related issuesShow excellent analytical, problem solving and troubleshooting abilitiesAbility to work both independently and in a team environmentRequired Knowledge, Skills and AbilitiesBachelor's degree desired; majors include Computer Science, Information Systems, or related work experience may be consideredStrong database experience with SQL Server, creating SQL database objects such as stored procedures, queries, views, functions, etc.3+ years development experience in a professional working environment with SQL/C#/.NETExperience with web technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, and jQuery are preferredKnowledge of Agile MethodologiesExperience writing unit and system testsHands-on experience with source control & release management systems such as TFS, SVN and GitStrong communication skillsFinance/Accounting Industry experience a plus
 About EngilityEngility delivers innovative solutions to critical challenges facing the nation and the world. As a premier provider of integrated services for the U.S. government, we support the Department of Defense, intelligence community, space communities, federal civilian agencies and international customers. Engility is dedicated to making lives better, safer and more secure.DescriptionEngility’s NASA Aeronautics group provides support to NASA in all disciplines required for Air Traffic Control (ATC) and Air Traffic Management (ATM) Advanced Concept Development, System analysis, Decision Support Tool Design and Development and Field Observations and evaluations. Duties and responsibilities:Provide system design and software development support to projects investigating advanced civil air traffic control (ATC/ATM) concepts, with special emphasis on user interfaces.Interfacing with customers, including human factors and graphic designers, to determine requirements, as well as software development, source control management, debugging, and code reviews.Support the writing of technical proposals and provide team management for upcoming contracts. Required Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, engineering or physical sciences.Minimum of 14 years of relevant experience.Minimum of 5 years of experience designing and developing graphical user interfaces to meet customer requirements.Experience developing tablet apps (preferably iPad).Knowledge of C++ and understanding of object oriented code.Knowledge of cross-platform development between Windows, Linux and iOS.Experience with Qt/QML.Knowledge of aviation industry, particularly cockpit pilot procedures and ATC En-route operations.Desired QualificationsAdvanced degree in computer science, mathematics, engineering or physical sciences.Experience using version control systems such as Git.Software documentation experience.Multi-threaded processing experience.Experience programming secure socket communications (specifically TCP/IP SSL). #LI-KT1

About the Opportunity: ReachLocal, a leader in powering online marketing for local businesses and a part of the USA TODAY NETWORK, is seeking a Business Development Manager (BDM) to work directly under the Vice President of Partner Channels to actively identify and engage third parties, agencies and media companies to participate in ReachLocal’s partner programs.  The BDM will drive strategic partner acquisition strategies by identifying and cultivating relationships with C-level executives in the marketing, advertising, media and vertical services space. The BDM will work in partnership with cross-functional teams including sales, marketing, training, product, & service organizations to propose appropriate offerings that parallel the needs and changes within the partner's company. The BDM will be responsible for contract negotiations, partnership operational structure and leveraging resources to enable revenue growth from strategic partnerships. Product integration includes software, digital media, technical conversion tools and technical services.  This individual will have a rare career opportunity to develop a deep understanding of our products, technology, customers, and competitors in order to empower companies with the tools and resources to manage their clients’ marketing efforts quickly and effectively. Competencies:Strategic Agility/Business AcumenKnowledge of market and competitive landscapeKnowledge of business leversDescribed as intellectually sharp, competent and agileSales ProfessionalPositively represents ReachLocal through expert knowledge and professional presenceAdheres to sales practice, process and disciplinePersonal AttributesWinning attitudeEmbraces changeHighly effective problem solverAbout Your Responsibilities:Identify and qualify third parties for our Affiliate and Partner programsConduct effective in person sales meetings with identified prospectsPropose ideal service and support models via in-depth assessmentsEffectively negotiate contract termsEnsure proper expectations are set at the time of contract signingPlay an active role in onboarding of partner to ReachLocal’s processes and systemsEffectively facilitate handoff to assigned Partner Development ExecutiveWork in conjunction with Local Sales and Strategic Partnership initiatives and programsOversee local affiliate program within designated marketMeet sales activity requirements and revenue targetsParticipate in Affiliate and Partner reviews on an ongoing basis10-20> travel requiredAbout You:Minimum 3-5 years of sales experienceExperience selling and supporting products and services to advertising agenciesLocal market masteryProven track record of performance resultsExperience working with digital media and SaaS solutionsStrong consultative sales approach and developed processStrong organizational and strategic planning skillsCapable of developing quick relationships in both a virtual and face to face settingHighly effective presentation skillsProven ability to navigate and shorten complex and long sales cyclesAbout ReachLocal: Are you looking for a company that values innovation, passion, and a healthy work/life balance? A job where you feel supported and appreciated? At ReachLocal, we know our employees drive success, and we strive to create a thriving company culture where you’ll enjoy coming to work every day.  Here, you can walk through the halls and bump into our CEO, catch an inter-office ping pong tournament, or support a local cause with your fellow employees. Are you ready to join a company where you can have fun and work with some of brightest people in digital marketing?  Our mission is to help local businesses all over the world reach more local customers online. As a leader in powering online marketing for local businesses, ReachLocal has been recognized for outstanding products and exceptional employees, having won Google’s Quality Account Champion in North America and Google’s Innovation Champion Award in Canada. Our CEO, Sharon Rowlands, has won countless awards, most recently the Gold Stevie Award for Female Executive of the Year in the 13th Annual Stevie Awards for Women in Business.  ReachLocal is headquartered in Woodland Hills, CA, with over 60 locations throughout the United States, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Japan, Australia, and Brazil.  We invite you to learn more about us, connect with us, and grow with us here: Career Site: http://careers.reachlocal.comBlog: http://blog.reachlocal.com/LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/reachlocalTwitter: https://twitter.com/reachlocaljobsYoutube: https://www.youtube.com/user/reachlocalHear from our employees: http://blog.reachlocal.com/reachlocal-services-spotlight-meet-some-of-our-marketing-experts ReachLocal is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants for all job openings are welcome and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, or any other basis protected by state, federal or local law. It is the intent of the Company to comply with all applicable federal, state and local legislation concerning equal opportunity in employment.  This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of all activities, duties or responsibilities required of the employee.

 Overview  Bring your passion for C++ to help us develop a cross platform GIS API that runs on the latest mobile devices using the latest compilers and C++ standards. This is a great opportunity to design and develop next-gen Esri technology. We love making a difference and leading the way in developing innovative technology. ResponsibilitiesBuild C++ software components that follow industry-standard design patterns, development methodologies, and deployment modelsDevelop excellent software for use in field mapping, data collection, sensor networks, street navigation, and moreCollaborate with other programmers and developers throughout the development processDefine user requirements; design and develop applications and APIs for devicesEnsure that ArcGIS software meets real-world usage scenariosSolve and articulate complex problems with application design, development, and user experiencesRequirements2+ years of commercial software development experienceFluent in and passionate about C++ (STL, C++ 11, Boost, Clang)Object oriented design skillsUnderstanding of algorithms and design patternsAbility to work closely with the team to build quality software in a constantly evolving environmentEffective time management and organizational skillsExcellent written and verbal communication skillsBachelor’s in computer science, engineering, mathematics, GIS, or related field, depending on position level (master’s preferred)Recommended QualificationsExperience with one or more of the following technologies: iOS, Android, or Windows PhoneC++/CXQtOpenGL or DirectXLinux, Windows, or OSXGISWeb services The Company  Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 The Forge team drives Redapts digital transformation and cloud adoption initiatives. Its mission is to enable quantum leaps in production efficiencies by building enterprise applications focused on automating hardware configuration.  The Senior Software Development Engineer will report to the Director of Software Engineering and Product  As a Senior Software Development Engineer on the Forge team you will build challenging enterprise systems, products and applications. You will design and develop hardware configuration applications, work order management apps, customer facing APIs, B2B portals, workflow/process automation and more.  The ideal candidate will have a passion for building applications that interact with datacenter systems across varied OEM providers. Responsibilities:Lead the design and development of advanced automated systems responsible for hardware inventory validation, configuration, provisioning, and testing of data center infrastructureDrive engineering efforts from planning and organization to execution and deliveryInvestigate and solve engineering challenges in process and workflow automationDesign and build customer facing APIs and portalsAnalyze and decompose complex software systems and collaboratively influence others to improve the overall designMentor and guide team membersGuide team members to make optimal product/technical decisionsQualifications:Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalentStrong Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithms and problem solvingAt least 10 years professional experience within an engineering organizationExperience with at least one modern programming language such as Java, C/C++, C#, Python, or RubyScripting skills in Perl, Shell, or another common languagesExperience developing, deploying and maintaining apps on AWS cloud.Track record for being detail-oriented with a demonstrated ability to self-motivate and follow-through on projectsAbility to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical individualsPreferred QualificationsProfessional experience with various configuration management tools (Chef, Ansible, Puppet, Salt etc.)Experience with modern JavaScript libraries or frameworksExtensive knowledge of Unix/Linux environments You should be eligible to work for any employer in the USA to be considered for this job. We will not be sponsoring work visas for this role.
Skytap is looking for talented senior level Software Development Engineers in Test to join our engineering team. Cloud computing is one of today's hottest technologies, and Skytap is leading the way by providing self-service virtual data centers in just a few clicks. As a team member, you'll work closely with developers to make sure the product we deliver is correct, scalable, highly available, and secure. We encourage creativity and initiative, and Skytap measures by results, not hours.We use agile development techniques, and build primarily with open source software and tools such as Linux, Python, and Ruby. We release major features the first Tuesday of every month. QA and development are in the same organization - no throwing code over the wall here!Responsibilities: Design and develop new automated test frameworks and toolsExtend existing frameworks where appropriateWork closely with a talented team of engineers and architectsDefine scalability, availability, security, and performance goalsResolve major customer technical issuesResearch and experiment with key test technologies and standardsAssist with release planningRequired background and skills:B.S. in Computer Science (or equivalent degree or experience)4+ years experience designing and implementing test automation or frameworksStrongly preferred background and skills:Experience developing test frameworks in Java, C#, or PythonExperience designing and developing automation tools and frameworks for multi-tiered systemsDemonstrated ability to use test tools and methods and analyze the resultsFamiliarity with any of: storage system internals, network protocols such as TCP/IP, service oriented architecturesAt Skytap we believe that great people build a great company. Skytap is committed to providing an inclusive, positive working environment for all employees, regardless of sexual orientation, ableness, physical appearance, education, age, race, or religion. Were looking for amazing people to join our mission--come be a part of building something great!
We are looking for a hardworking, motivated, deadline-driven individual to join our team and help change healthcare. As a Sr. Software Engineer you will specialize in building responsive and elegant applications. In this position you will work directly with internal business units to gather and define requirements. Applicants should have multiple years experience writing custom PHP, HTML, CSS, and Javascript. Expertise writing semantic, modular front-end code using HTML5, CSS3, and W3C coding practices is a must. Understanding of the concepts of progressive enhancement, mobile first and future friendly design highly encouraged. Experience with Laravel, Lumen, Bootstrap and Vui.JS is a plus.Primary ResponsibilitiesCode: Proficient understanding of PHP, JavaScript and Object-Oriented ProgrammingIntegrate: Knowledge of integrating APIs on the frontend and backend· Be a Translator: Translate conceptual ideas (business needs and user goals) into intuitive and engaging appsForward Thinker: Promote design thinking, advocate design principles and best practicesBe a Scribe: Documenting skills using tools like Confluence, Swagger, and Readme.ioShoot for the cloud: Develop software architecture that is cloud ready and redundantMake it fast: Implementing and testing software for design, functionality, and performanceFind Undocumented Features: Familiarity with software testing and debuggingOther duties / Soft SkillsBe a team playerMust be analytical, detail oriented and able to translate functional requirements into your designDesign and develop applications using agile development and SCRUM processesAdhere to good development practices: documentation, code standards, code/design reviews, optimization and maintainability.Act to support UHIN’s mission; develop and maintain the trust of our community of members.Follows direction from supervisor but also able to prioritize assigned tasks.Actively holds self-accountable to commitments and is able to regularly communicate this accountability to managerWanna know more about what projects were working on? Come interview and find out all the cool software you could help us build!QualificationsRequired4 – 6 Years in the following· Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.· Development experience in PHP and Javascript.· Experience with HTML, CSS and AJAX· Web application development· Development experience designing object-oriented JavaScript.· Significant experience developing user-facing software.· Experience engineering software systems of medium-to-large scope and complexity.Preferred· Experience designing with client rich technologies such as AngularJS, Vue.js, Bootstrap, JQuery, or similar a plus· Know the stack - familiarity with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.· An understanding of the principles of accessibility and can build products that are accessible to users in healthcare.· ITIL Support Framework· Code methodology experience (Agile/Scrum/Kanban)· Working knowledge of healthcare (HIPAA Regulations, PHI, etc.)
JOB SUMMARY As a Senior Software Development Engineer, you will be integral part of agile software engineering team. You will not only be a leader in delivery within an Agile feature team, youll also have influence across teams in technical areas like design patterns, test driven development, unit testing, building maintainable and extensible code, and best practices. DUTIES & ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONSWork with a team to deliver consistent, quality work each sprint, meeting the teams sprint commitmentsActively participate in all scrum-related meetings, including but not limited to daily standups, sprint planning, grooming, sprint reviews, and sprint retrospectivesDesign and Develop solutions based on user story and acceptance criteriaDevelop with a test first mentality (TDD) driving solutions that are verified through unit, integration, and E2E testsPair program at times for mentoring, knowledge sharing, and tackling complex issuesTroubleshoot, debug, and optimize codeDrive code review processesEvangelize quality across cross-functional development teamsContinually learning and sharing knowledge learned and pushing industry best practicesContribute to our long-term vision and strategy for our engineering processesOnboard and mentor junior SDEs and SDETsContribute ideas back to our overall platform architectureParticipate in the interview process for new engineersCOMPETENCIESClient Service: Demonstrates strong commitment to meeting the needs of both internal and external customers striving to ensure their full satisfaction. Organization: Establishes a systematic course of action for self or others to ensure accomplishment of a specific objective. Sets priorities with an appropriate sense of what is most important and plans with an appropriate and realistic sense of the time demand involved. Communication: Creates an atmosphere in which timely and high-quality information flows smoothly up and down, inside and outside of the company; encourages open expression of ideas and opinions. Decision Making: Makes decisions authoritatively and wisely, after adequately contemplating various available courses of action. Refrains from "jumping to conclusions" based on no, or minimal, evidence; takes time to collect facts before decision-making. QUALIFICATIONS7+ years experience developing and architecting solutionsExpert working knowledge in our tech stack: C#, .NET, ASP.NET, Aurelia, Visual Studio, SQL Server, Windows Server, VSTS, WPF/WinForms, etc..BS/MS in CS, EE, Informatics or similar Preferred but not requiredYou have good working knowledge of CI/CDYou have a passion for quickly shipping innovative features that are simultaneously reliableYou are a strong collaborator and contributor to any teamYou are self-motivated and a self-starterYou have shown an ability to advocate for quality across functional teamsYou are experienced with agile methodologies and understand what it means to have a quality mindset in an agile environmentSentryOne is an Equal Opportunity Employer
 What You Will DoDetailed DescriptionThe Mission and Programmatic Software (SAE-3) Group provides application development and implementation services to LANL Projects. This position involves design, development and maintenance of custom in-house applications serving a variety of customers around the Lab.This position will be filled at either theSoftware Developer 2 or 3 level,depending on the skills of the selected candidate. Additional job responsibilities (outlined below) will be assigned if the candidate is hired at the higher level.  Software Developer 2 ($72,500 - $118,200)The selected candidate will work as a Java Enterprise Edition (JEE) application developer to support the development and maintenance of institutional and departmental applications. The selected candidate will be assigned to various projects based off the needs of the organization and at the discretion of SAE-3 management.  Responsibilities Include: Work as a team member and independently with direction from the SAE-3 management.Design, modify and test enhancements to applications supported by SAE-3.Provides software development support in development, maintenance and system standards. Software Developer 3 ($87,800 - $144,800)  In addition to the duties outlined above, the Software Developer 3 will be required to: Self-initiate work with limited supervision.Use independent judgment for determining course of action to accomplish objectives.Use a broad range of advanced technical skills to solve complex technical issues. What You Need  Minimum Job Requirements:  Minimum Job Requirements for Software Developer 2 Proven software lifecycle knowledge including requirements, design, development, and testing with appropriate documentation. The work experience must show progressively increasing levels of technical skills and complexity of workDemonstrated experience writing and implementing business solutions using Agile practicesDemonstrated experience developing web applications using Java EE as the core frameworkDemonstrated experience using 3rd party JavaScript packages such as Angular, JQuery, etc.Demonstrated experience using development and source control tools such as Netbeans, Eclipse, Git, Subversion, etc.Demonstrated experience using markup languages such as HTML5, XML, etc.Familiarity with databases such as SQL Server or OracleFamiliarity with the use of JSONDemonstrated experience in authoring and consuming web services using both REST and SOAP protocols Additional Job Requirements for Software Developer 3:In addition to the Job Requirements outlined above, qualification at the Software Developer 3 level requires: Demonstrated experience using and tuning commercial application servers such as Weblogic.Professional experience using Java Persistence API (JPA) and utilizing a provider such as Hibernate or Toplink.Demonstrated experience developing interfaces using Java Server Faces (JSF)Demonstrated experience utilizing Enterprise Java Beans (EJB)Demonstrated experience utilizing Java Messaging Service (JMS)Experience designing and implementing applications that utilize persistence layers such as SQL Server or Oracle. Desired Skills:Demonstrated experience implementing software utilizing the various spring packages.  Software Developer 2 Education Required:Position typically requires a bachelor’s degree and a minimum five years of related experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  Software Developer 3 Education Required: Position typically requires a bachelor’s degree and a minimum eight years of related experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. At this level, post graduate course work may be desirable.  Notes to Applicants:Please provide a comprehensive cover letter detailing how you meet the minimum and desired qualifications for the job.  Additional Details:  Clearance: Q(Position will be cleared to this level). Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements* for access to classified matter.  *Eligibility requirements: To obtain a clearance, an individual must be at least 18 years of age; U.S. citizenship is required except in very limited circumstances. See DOE Order 472.2 for additional information.  New-Employment Drug Test: The Laboratory requires successful applicants to complete a new-employment drug test and maintains a substance abuse policy that includes random drug testing.  Regular position:Term status Laboratory employees applying for regular-status positions are converted to regular status.  Equal Opportunity:Los Alamos National Laboratory is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. All employment practices are based on qualification and merit, without regards to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or preference, marital status or spousal affiliation, physical or mental disability, medical conditions, pregnancy, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or citizenship within the limits imposed by federal laws and regulations. The Laboratory is also committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request such an accommodation, please send an email to applyhelp@lanl.gov or call 1-505-665-4444 option 1.Where You Will WorkLocated in northern New Mexico, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. LANL enhances national security by ensuring the safety and reliability of the U.S. nuclear stockpile, developing technologies to reduce threats from weapons of mass destruction, and solving problems related to energy, environment, infrastructure, health, and global security concerns.  The Software and Applications Engineering (SAE) Division supports LANL’s enterprise application and performs software application development support, database development and administration, software quality management, and enterprise application consulting. The Site Infrastructure, Mission, and Programs Software Group (SAE-3) provides software engineering services, custom application development, and commercial off the shelf application implementations. Location: Los Alamos, NM, US Contact Name: Budge, Trevor L. Organization Name: SAE-3/ Site Infrastructure & Programs Software Email: tbudge@lanl.gov Job Title: Java Enterprise Edition (JEE) Developer (Software Developer 2/3) Appointment Type: Regular Req ID: IRC58204
 Tracking Code  1041237  Job Description  Universal Avionics Systems Corporation, an industry leader in avionics systems technology is looking for software engineers for our Northwest Engineering Division located in Redmond, WA. The successful applicant for this position will follow established processes to develop software changes while effectively working in a collaborative team environment. Responsibilities span the full life-cycle, including analysis, development and review of software requirements, design, code and low-level test procedures, and software integration testing. This is an early career position, requiring detailed direction on work assignments. Essential Duties and Responsibilities:Complete work assignments in a timely manner.Follow established software development processes and procedures.For small, routine software changes:Develop and review software requirements;Develop and review software design data;Develop, test, debug and review source code;Integrate software with existing systems;Perform software change impact analysis; andDevelop and execute low-level requirements based test procedures.Work effectively with others in a collaborative team environment.May investigate simple problem reports.Some travel may be required.Required Qualifications:BS Degree in Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering.1 or more years of experience in software engineering.Proficient in both C and C++ programming languages.Preferred Qualifications: MS Degree in Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering; Physics or Mathematics degree with knowledge of and experience with software development that is commensurate with the skills listed.  U.S. citizenship or U.S. permanent residency status (“Green card”) is required, as Universal Avionics’ products and technology are controlled under U.S export laws including but not limited to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, Export Administration Regulations and the Export Administration Act (“Export Laws”).  As an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer, Universal Avionics is committed to and values a diverse workforce. We maintain a drug-free workplace, perform pre-employment substance abuse testing and background screening, and participate in E-Verify. About Us: Universal Avionics is a leading manufacturer of innovative avionics systems for business jets, turboprop aircraft, transport aircraft, helicopters, regional and commercial airliners used by corporate, military and airline operators. We offer advanced avionics as a retrofit solution for the largest diversification of aircraft types in the industry. Our journey began when founder, Hubert L. Naimer, formulated the details of a "Master Navigation System", which led to the development of the world's first Flight Management System (FMS). Over 30 years later, Universal Avionics has expanded its product line and delivered breakthrough technologies to the industry that offer incredible safety improvements, situational awareness and operational benefits for operators.  At Universal Avionics, our employees are our greatest assets. Our employees know that they are an essential part of the Company’s success which makes our mission to create an environment and experience that attracts and retains engaged individuals so important to us. Universal provides an excellent compensation package which includes competitive salaries, comprehensive healthcare, 401(k) with employer match, vacation and sick accrual, 14 paid holidays annually, tuition reimbursement, and more.  Job Location  Redmond, Washington, United States  Position Type  Full-Time/Regular
ALL CANDIDATES MUST HAVE AN ACTIVE TS/SCI WITH POLYGRAPH CLEARANCE!Description:Work with team lead to understand tasking and deliver system to required specificationsWork with stakeholders to understand and implement system componentsParticipate as a member of the Scrum team in daily stand upsRequired Experience:20 years of experience as a software developer10+ years of experience as a Java developerFull lifecycle software development, including design, implementation, testing, installation, configuration and upgradingGood communication and documentation skillsExperience with AJAX Single Page Interface technologies such as Angular, Ember, EXT-JS, or JQueryMust be comfortable working Linux based environmentsDesired Experience:Experience with Jira/Confluence suiteExperience with Graph, NoSQL, or SQL databasesNeo4j or MongoDM experience is a plusExperience with Angular JSExperience with Git or other DVCSSpring (Spring Data, Spring Integration, Spring MVC), Apache Camel, OSGiGood working knowledge of Linux/Unix and scripting (sh, bash, perl, and other scripting languages)Agile/Scrum methodology a plusQualifications:Twenty (20) years experience in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
WHY WORK FOR USSince 1998, ProLink Solutions has helped organizations of all sizes transition from outdated legacy systems, improve efficiency in business processes, increase asset management transparency, simplify compliance, and improve enterprise-level reporting. Just like our employees, each and every one of ProLink’s clients is unique and each project brings its own set of challenges and thought provoking solutions.As an employee of ProLink, you have the opportunity to bring your creativity to the table to deliver a combination of out-of-box software and custom implementations to delight our clients. On top of the day-to-day challenges of serving our unique client base, ProLink provides a number of perks for all of our employees:A relaxed work environment with a casual dress code.A fully-stocked kitchen and lounge area for breaks, lunch, and to catch up with colleagues.Company-sponsored outings—during paid work hours—to spots handpicked by employees.Rewards for hard work—we recognize both team and individual effort.Flexible work hours, and the option to occasionally work from home.Direct access to upper management.Unlimited vacation/PTO.Each ProLink employee is entitled to one day of volunteering each year and matched charitable giving up to $250 per year.Great benefits ( up to 5% 401k match, health, vision, dental, disability, and life insurance)Our Values: Integrity, Innovation, Fun, Mutual Respect, Have a Heart, LightPOSITION OBJECTIVESThe Senior Software Developer will be part of an agile development team, building and working on enterprise-grade software systems on top of the Microsoft .NET development stack. The Senior Software Developer will provide technical and team leadership through coaching and mentorship. This position reports to the Managing Director.RESPONSIBILITIESProvide technical leadership to teammates through coaching and mentorshipCollaborate with other software developers, business analysts and architects to plan, design, develop, testParticipate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related codePackage and support deployment of releasesProvide support to business users as necessaryRelies on diverse experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goalsWorks under minimal supervisionA wide degree of creativity and latitude is requiredTECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS AND EXPERIENCEExperience with source control systems (TFS) and continuous integration/deployment environmentsExperience with agile development methodologiesExperience with debugging, performance profiling and optimizationComprehensive understanding of object-oriented and service-oriented application development techniques5+ years of full stack .NET : C#, ASP.NET, AJAX, WebForms, MVC, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS, DI/IoC, EF and LINQIn depth knowledge and experience with service layer technologies including: WCF, SOAP, Web API, SSOIn depth knowledge and experience with SQL Server and ORM technologiesExposure to open source libraries (Angular, Bootstrap, Knockout, JQuery UI)Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS, ELB, EC2, SES, Message Queues) a plusExposure to Excel and Word VSTO Add-Ins a plusExposure to an automated testing framework (Selenium) a plusBachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent experienceNote: This job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, or qualifications associated with the job. May perform other duties as assigned.
Our developers have been contributing code to major organizations and open source projects for over 25 years now. Theyve also been writing books, speaking at conferences, and helping push software development forward -- changing companies and even industries along the way.  As consultants, we work on-site with our clients to ensure were delivering the best possible solution. Our Developers play an important role in leading these projects to success.We believe that to flourish in this role, you're good at:Technical SkillsCoding. Our clients dont all work in one language or platform, and neither do we. As a developer, were looking for a breadth of experience in a variety of languages, and experience in one or two: Java, javascript, and React are high on our list. (Other notables: Python,Ruby, Scala, .NET, Clojure.)You should also be up to speed on practices like TDD, continuous integration and pair programming.Understanding and playing a part in the entire cycle of software consulting and delivery (ideation, project conception, UX, code, testing, deployment, and around again)Agile. We believe strongly in agile delivery practices, having implemented them for ourselves and our clients for a long time. You should be very comfortable working with Agile, Lean and Continuous Delivery practices -- and love it as much as we do.Ideally looking for candidates who have at least two (2) years of professional industry experience in software development.Soft SkillsThinking big and acting fast. Youll need a startup mentality with enterprise awareness. That means you can manage competing priorities, that youre ready to pivot or adjust plans quickly, and that you understand the role you and your team play in major organizations tech strategies.Influencing priorities, for both the team and the client. You understand both the business problem and the technical solution, and youre able to advocate for excellence and effect change when necessary.Finesse. As consultants, we navigate within our clients organizations to influence big decision makers and win trust. In this job, youll be using your people skills as much as your coding skills.And heres some of the perks of being part of a unique organization like ThoughtWorks.A real commitment to changing the face of IT -- our way of thinking about diversity and inclusion. Over the past ten years, weve implemented a lot of initiatives to make ThoughtWorks a place that reflects the world around us, and to make this a welcoming home to technologists of all stripes. Were not perfect, but were actively working towards true gender balance for our business and our industry, and youll see that diversity reflected on our project teams and in offices.Continuous learning. Youll be constantly exposed to new languages, frameworks and ideas from your peers and as you work on different projects -- challenging you to stay at the top of your game.No pigeon-holing: at ThoughtWorks, theres no applying to new roles. With time, youll build trust and credibility and move easily into new roles if youre inclined, like trying out life in a QA or BAs shoes.Support to grow as a technologist outside of your role at ThoughtWorks. This is why ThoughtWorkers have written over 100 books and can be found speaking at (and, ahem, keynoting) tech conferences all over the world. We love to learn and share knowledge, and youll find a community of passionate technologists eager to back your endeavors, whatever they may be. Youll also receive financial support to attend conferences every year.An organizational commitment to social responsibility. ThoughtWorkers challenge each other to be just a little more thoughtful about the world around us, and we believe in using our profits for good. All around the world, youll find ThoughtWorks supporting great causes and organizations in both official and unofficial capacities.An important note:At this time we are unable to provide sponsorship for this position.It is the policy of ThoughtWorks, Inc. to provide a work environment free of discrimination. The Company will take affirmative action to ensure applicants and ThoughtWorks employees are treated without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ethnic origin, veteran status, family status, disability, sexual orientation, gender expression or gender identity. This also includes individuals who are perceived to have any of the aforementioned attributes. ThoughtWorks will adhere to all federal, state, and municipal laws and regulations governing employment.
. Do you dare to reinvent the future of education?  At Cengage, we are harnessing the power of tech to build a future where all learners have the tools and confidence to achieve their goals.As a Cengage employee you will pioneer transforming the way people learn. Collaborating with the best of the best, you will feel challenged and inspired to do breakthrough work. With the support of our united team, there is no limit to what you can imagine, create and set in motion.  Are we right for you?  We bring our “A” game, unique talents and point of view to the table every day. We are curious and comfortable with change and are willing to take risks to transform education. Most importantly, everything we do, we do for the learner.  You will apply creativity and general mastery of software engineering to effectively design, implement and support the business and its related technologies. You will work in a highly collaborative, cross functional and Agile team. What You'll Do Here:Work in a collaborative environment with passion and commitment to design and develop solutions to solve business problemsDeliver value to the customer using agile principles and practicesEnsure high quality code through testingEnsure effective communication regarding deliverables and work scheduleLearn and understand best practices for appropriate platforms and languagesTake ownership of applications and projects including identifying issues, pro-actively looking for solutions and delivering on milestonesContribute to the design, architecture and build of our productsContribute to innovation of engineering processes and technology best practicesStay abreast of trends, latest industry developments and share knowledge among colleaguesSkills You Will Need Here:Required:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or Engineering and 4 - 6 years of recent relevant work historyExperience with JavaScript (Angular and/or React) AND .NETKnowledge of and desire to work in an Agile development environmentExperience using source code control systems such as Git, Stash or TFSWriting Unit TestsExcellent analytical and organizational skillsObject-oriented design skillsExcellent communication skills - both written and verbalPreferred:Experience with node.jsExperience with Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)Experience with Amazon's AWSUnderstanding of cloud technologies and emerging computing trends
 MiTek® USA Inc., a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, Inc. is the world's leading supplier of state-of-the-art, engineered connector products, engineering services, and computer-driven machinery for the building component industry. We provide the industry's most advanced, most comprehensive, and most innovative software for design and manufacturing. Our products and services are backed up by a team of industry professionals who are dedicated to one goal – making our customers successful. MiTek® USA Inc., a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, Inc. is the world's leading supplier of state-of-the-art, engineered connector products, engineering services, and computer-driven machinery for the building component industry. We provide the industry's most advanced, most comprehensive, and most innovative software for design and manufacturing. Our products and services are backed up by a team of industry professionals who are dedicated to one goal - making our customers successful. We are seeking a dynamic and motivated Software Engineer who will be responsible for designs and develops software applications for distribution to external customers. Responsible for coding and debugging engineering/scientific or business management applications by performing the following duties.Required SkillsDuties and Responsibilities:Design, code, test and debug new software using C#, WPF, XAML and the .NET Framework.Collaborate with Requirements, SQA and other development teams to ensure solutions are efficient, consistent and fulfill business needsParticipate in requirement reviews and analysis & design reviewsRefactor existing softwareApply generally accepted programming standards and techniques to ensure efficient program logic and data manipulation.Attendance during regular work hours and overtime as required.Qualified Candidates Will Possess the Following:Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science or related field.Experience with C# and the .NET Framework.Knowledge of data structures and strong understanding of object-oriented principles.A working knowledge of SQL.Knowledge of WPF and XAML is desirable though not required.Ability to interact professionally with others; including co-workers, vendors and customers.This position can be located in the office of MiTek in the Chesterfield, MO or Greenwood Village CO locations.This position can be located in the office of MiTek in the Chesterfield, MO or Greenwood Village CO locations.Application for Position: To apply, please visit http://mitekcareers.silkroad.com. You will be asked to complete a profile and upload a resume for consideration. At MiTek CUSTOMERS and ASSOCIATES are always FIRST!MiTek is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer, our organizations do not allow discrimination in their hiring/employment decisions based on race, creed, color, veteran status, sex, religion, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by law.We are an E-Verify Employer, Drug and Tobacco-Free Workplacewww.mii.comRequired ExperienceMiTek is an E-Verify and Drug and Tobacco-Free Workplace We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Job Location  Greenwood Village, US-CO 
 Veterans United is seeking a Software Architect to serve as a technical leader in application architecture and design. This position will not be originating loans.What you'll do: Serve as lead architect for complex mission critical projects or programs. Collaborate with your teammates to support crucial application systems.Partner with technical product owners to create and drive vision for our suite of internal- and external-facing productsEnsure that components of the technical architecture, including database design, are properly integrated and implemented.Provide technical excellence, support, and quality throughout all stages of projects.Partner with all technical departments in the purchase of new applications, tools, technologies, and solutions.Learn leading-edge architecture methods, practices, and tools.Pair with development teams to provide elegant application designs.Help progress our DevOps initiatives and methodologies.Develop, promote, and teach best practices in our systems, security, design, database, development, etc.Necessary skills: Technical leadership abilities including self-direction, coaching & mentoring, and leading change in tools or practices across all levels of an organization.Agile engineering and process practices.Aptitude to learn new technology.Strong interpersonal communication skills (written and verbal).Excel in fast-paced, results-oriented environment.Job Requirements:7+ years of experience in Application Development, Architecture, and Database Design.Experience with native and hybrid mobile application development.Experience coaching and pairing with members of a team.Familiarity with WISC and/or LAMP stack (Java is awesome, too).Familiarity with JQuery and other JavaScript frameworks.Experience with Jenkins, TFS, Perforce, and other version control, continuous integration and delivery tools.Veterans United is proud to be an EOE/ADA and Military Friendly employer
 Job DescriptionJob Description: Develop custom software interfaces using a combination of Java and Groovy by working within a client focused team. This role is primarily responsible for designing, developing and testing interfaces for our enterprise case management product. Location: Denver Metropolitan Area (Englewood, CO - Meridian Office Park) Key Responsibilities:Design, develop, troubleshoot, debug, and test software interfacesMaintain, and improve the performance of, existing software interfacesReview and provide feedback on development requirements to business analystsRecommend enhancements to existing processes to achieve continuous improvementDevelop software solutions with an agile mindsetInterface with clients as required, including minimal travel to client locationsRequired Skills:Bachelors in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent experience2+ years of professional, full-time development experience using a C based language, or similarStrong understanding of object oriented programming design patternsExperience with git and git based source control systemsAnalytical Thinker - effective at understanding problems and developing one or more approaches to solving the problemApplying standards - ability to follow, adopt and recommend and promote development standardsCommunication - possess effective verbal and written communication skills suited for technical audiences, peers and clientsHelpful But Not Required:Java and Groovy fluency2+ years of professional, full-time experience with querying relational databases, preferably TSQL or PL/SQLKnowledge of Windows Server based environments and networksKnowledge of Court Case Management Systems or CourtsSCRUM or Agile development methodologiesKnowledge of interfacing with REST and SOAP APIs Company DescriptionWork as a key member of a project team responsible for delivering case management systems and services to governmental agencies in 42 states and internationally.
 BI Developer Department: Enterprise Technologies Location: Rockville, MD, USNIKA is seeking a Business Intelligence Developer who will be responsible for designing, developing, implementing, and maintaining our customer’s BI platform by leveraging your skills with the Microsoft BI suite. You’ll create Power BI reports to communicate business metrics and assist power users with creating their own.  Named a “Top Workplace” by the Washington Post, NIKA is a well-established company that is focused on growth within an entrepreneurial environment. We are revolutionizing how businesses and governments design, build and manage real property by combining architecture and engineering, enterprise technologies, and facilities operations management services all under one roof. When you become part of the NIKA team, you join an organization that encourages collaboration, vision and personal development. Our new, state-of-the-art, “green” office is a unique environment that makes you excited to go to work each day. PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Develop data driven reports, dashboard and analytics.Apply advanced knowledge of visual design, PowerBI dashboard, and PowerBI tools.Create reports and self-service methods that help ensure data is available to decision makers.Support and understand data dimensionality, methodology, design and schema to effectively develop complex analytics and reports.Evaluate existing reports to identify opportunities to improve visualization and the report viewing experience.Provide outstanding customer service to internal and external customers.Support business analysts and work with end users to establish reporting and analytic requirements.Develop and maintain security model and data access levels within the reporting infrastructure.Support ETL by performing loading and ensuring all data is accurate and up-to-date.Identify actionable insights, and suggest recommendations by effectively communicating findings to cross-functional groups.Explore and recommend emerging technologies and techniques to support/enhance BI landscape components.Analyze complex data from multiple sources; detect data problems, and suggest improvements that will have immediate impact.JOB REQUIREMENTS AND ESSENTIAL SKILLS:Minimum of 5 years of experience with data analytics and various report development softwareMinimum of 2 years of experience with Power BI5+ years of experience writing advanced SQL queries2 years of work experience using SSIS, SSAS, SSRS and/or PowerBIDemonstrated proficiency in general database administration concepts and efficient query writing.An eagerness to continually improve your skills and learn new technologiesComfortable with an environment where priorities change frequentlyAbility to work, collaborate, and deliver strong results in a dynamic team environmentAbility to work in a fast-moving company and industryAbility to work mostly unsupervisedWillingness to take initiative and contribute beyond basic responsibilitiesExcellent verbal and written communication skillsEDUCATION, TRAINING, CERTIFICATIONS:Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Computer ScienceMust be eligible for DoD Secret Security ClearanceActive Public Trust or Secret Clearance highly desiredAn Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.Apply now
Job Responsibilities:Senior level knowledge of Microsoft.Net technologies - primarily focused on C# developmentSenior level knowledge of the Microsoft IIS stack and the ability to configure and troubleshoot issues with web based applications and servicesSignificant Microsoft OS and platform experience with in-depth knowledge of file system, network, and security design patternsExperience with Microsoft SQL Server and the design, functioning, and troubleshooting of potential front-end to database issues.Strong analytical skills with the ability to assess new and unfamiliar issues and work through potential solutions, issues, and risksConfidence in the decisions they make and the ability to evaluate and counter alternative ideas and represent their reasoning in forumsInteract with internal and external partners at all levels within the organization and represent our technical platformExcellent interpersonal, networking, communications and organizational skillsExcellent verbal and written communication skillsBachelors degree or equivalent experiencePreferred Qualifications:Prior experience in large, diverse technology environmentsConsumer mortgage and lending experience .Net platform an additional plusExperience working on or leading an agile/scrum team This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position.CrossCountry Mortgage, Inc. (NMLS3029) is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to workforce diversity. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, religion, creed, color, orientation, gender, age, national origin, veteran status, disability status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. IND123*CB**
 Have you ever wondered what it would feel like to be a part of an entrepreneurial company where your unique abilities are celebrated, you increase your creative energy and your role adds value every day? Sound impossible? It’s not.  La Macchia Enterprises (LME) has a unique story of being family-owned for over 40 years. We turn vacation dreams into long-lasting memories by focusing on our customers’ End-to-End Experience at every touch point. Our 1,000+ team members embody our core values, making us a global leader in leisure travel and technology. Our team is the reason we’ve earned a spot on the Top Workplaces list for multiple years.  Trisept Solutions, a division of LME, was the first to process an online vacation booking. Trisept has continued its evolution working with the leading global airlines, hotels and theme parks to provide cutting-edge technology solutions. Visitwww.triseptsolutions.com to continue the story.  Now it’s your turn to enhance your career with Trisept Solutions. Grow and learn with us as an Application Software Developer. You will write, test, and document solutions for projects and problems of limited to moderate complexity. You will also perform supervised systems analysis and design work on problems of limited scope. In this role, you will also interact with technical staff, clients, and vendors to ensure our e-commerce solutions for the travel industry are the best available in the competitive, fast-paced online marketplace.  A successfulApplication Software Developer will: Contribute to team's goal of successfully completing software development projects.Maintain the team's application portfolio.Design programmatic solutions within the architectural constraints of the applications.Design simple data structure and/or file solutions.Isolate and resolves reported application problems.Assist with the creation of project specifications, documentation and prototypes.Write programs according to specification.Requirements:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS or a related field from a 4 year college or university or an equivalent combination of education and experience.One or more high level programming languages.Effective software development practices.Relational database concepts.Written and verbal communication.Problem solving and analytical skillsEnjoys working with a teamBenefits at a Glance:Medical/Dental/Vision InsuranceShort and Long Term DisabilityLife InsuranceFlexible Spending Accounts401(k) with employer matchGenerous time off planTuition ReimbursementTravel DiscountsTeam Member Referral ProgramWellness Program We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free and tobacco-free workplace and perform pre-employment background checks.
Position Overview This position is responsible for Software development, maintenance, monitoring, problem resolution, and user assistance in eDiscovery applications and databases. This role participates in Information Technology projects from inception of the project through the daily maintenance phase. The role involves a teamwork approach and close coordination with other departments across all levels of the organization to define and translate requirements into sound technical solutions and execute to deliver high quality development solutions. Essential Duties & ResponsibilitiesResponsible for the creation and maintenance of moderate to highly-complex solutions (including data infrastructure, reporting, and applications) that address the informational and analytical needs of the various groups.Responsible for all phases of the project lifecycle and include: requirements gathering, solution design, application development, and system testing.Analyze end user data need and develop user-oriented solutions which interface with existing applications.Coordinate all aspects of implementation and training to support new programs and systems.Test operation of completed programs, debug as needed.Maintain documentation for all work processes and procedures.Make improvement suggestions and adhere to all approved work changes for the team.Interact and partner effectively across all appropriate internal business teams.Provide backup support for all work and project efforts as needed.Assist with team planning and growth strategy.Ensure execution of all industry InfoSec specific compliance matters within the team.Participate in major upgrades to Platform software.Participate or training on business functionality for system end users.Coordinate or lead all or portions of technology projects.Works with minimal supervision and is responsible for making an established range of decisions, escalating to Manager when necessary and updating Manager on a regular basis.QualificationsBachelor of Science in Computer Science or related field, or comparable business/technical experience.At least 5 years of experience of application development experience which includes: programming, data management, collection, modeling and interpretation across complex data sets. Programming skills (database, system, or scripting).Experience using Visual Studio and C# .Net writing server-side applications.Experience with PowerShell, SSIS, and 3rd party APIs to develop custom applications.Demonstrated ability to write SQL queries and use of Microsoft SQL Server database tables and connectivity.Experience with UI dev using Angular / Angular 2 framework.Proven ability to perform high quality technical documentation and presentations.Ability to translate complex business requirements into detailed functional and/or technical specifications.Demonstrated ability to develop alternative solutions to complex problems and recommend the best solution to the business and project team.Demonstrated advanced analytical, troubleshooting and problem solving skills.Ability to work both independently and collaboratively with others in team environment.Knowledge of when and how to use business assessment tools (e.g., feasibility studies, business cases and/or cost/benefit, project sizing and costing, and current state analysis/needs assessments).Demonstrated mastery of test strategies, test plans, and test execution.Experience with Microsoft Windows server infrastructure.Must be able to demonstrate Project and Task estimation, along with strong time management skills.Adaptable and able to learn quickly and demonstrate a big picture approach when managing projects.Experience with Investigating data issues.Additional Preferred QualificationExperience in eDiscovery SpaceWorked with Relativity / Nuix PlatformsDeveloped Relativity Custom Applications
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
Job Number: R0021118Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for more than 100 years. Today, the firm provides management and technology consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations, governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology, systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.Software Developer, MidKey Role:  Perform complex analysis, design, development, testing, and debugging of computer software in support of distinct product hardware or technical service lines of businesses. Maintain responsibility for activities that range from software design and architecture integration operation to the selection of computer systems. Apply expertise in one or more systems and extensive knowledge of one or more platforms and programming languages.  Basic Qualifications: 2+ years of experience with development in a modern language, including C, Java, or Python  -2+ years of experience with working as part of a software development team  -Experience with the SDLC process  -Knowledge of SQL and how to work with MS SQL Server  -Ability to obtain a security clearanceBA or BS degree  Additional Qualifications:Experience in developing Splunk queries and working with data models and the KV store  -Experience in working with configuration management tools, including repository, build, and deployment products  -BS degree in CS  Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.  Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm that helps clients solve their toughest problems by their side to help them achieve their missions. Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that endure.  We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.#LI-AH1, AFH16, AFH26, CB16, GD16, MPPC, SIG2017, STK17, TMJ16 
 Bytion, a SAAS Marketing Company founded in 2010, is seeking a Senior Engineer (MEAN-Stack) and Software Architect (Remote) to join our X-Squad Division to develop and scale our latest and most revolutionary marketing product yet. Working closely with a small, fast-paced agile project team, you'll be developing a revolutionary digital marketing web and mobile platform. This is a challenging and rewarding opportunity to build a revolutionary application and platform using bleeding-edge technologies, as well as leading the growth of a new division within Bytion. ResponsibilitiesWork on large-scale, custom distributed software systems using the MEAN StackLead teams of software engineersBe responsible for the quality of software and resolving issuesBe a mentor and role model to less experienced developersEmploy Agile development including task estimation, test automation, deployment automation and Continuous Integration to improve overall execution speed and product qualityWork within an Agile Environment, including SCRUM and/or XP (Extreme Programming)Develop and review architecture plansCoordinate with others across the organization to build fully integrated systemsTroubleshoot and resolve varying levels of technical issuesAdd value by being current with new trends and frameworks within the developer communityDrive adoption of modern development strategies, processes, and methodsSet and maintain priorities in a multi-project environmentRequirements Ideally you have either a computer science or STEM degree from a top institution and/or experience at a high-performing tech company, but we are open to strong candidates who meet the following: 8+ years' experience in software development & delivery with Java, Ruby, and/or Python4+ years' experience working with MEAN Stack (MongoDB, ExpressJS, AngularJS, NodeJS)2+ years' experience working with / developing REST APIsHave helped lead development on large, custom-built object-oriented applicationsExcellent understanding of systems architecture, technical design, data structures, and algorithmsTrack record of leading a top-tier Agile engineering team (bonus points if you built it yourself)Experience working with Agile, Lean and/or Continuous Delivery approaches and best practices, such as Extreme Programming (XP) or SCRUMAble to understand and interact with the company’s entire technology stack, continuous integration environments, and infrastructure orchestration tools, including Heroku, AWS, MongolabsFamiliarity with cloud architectures, tools, and processesPassion for continuous improvement and evolutionMotivated to write quality, tested, readable codeSignificant contributions to open source projects or community organizations

Powerplan is a profitable market leader with over 20 years of experience in the asset-intensive financial systems and managing over $2.5 trillion of clients’ assets. Powerplan is in a high growth phase investing into the next generation solutions.We are looking for a roll-up-the-sleeves person who will have a strong passion for quality and an inquisitive spirit to stay up to date with the latest technical developments in the industry.This is a great opportunity to help a successful company utilize modern technology to solve high value business problems. You should be experienced in working on successful and large-scale development projects. We are a dynamic team that always punches above our weight and has fun along the way!Active development of our core platform and product in an agile environmentFollowing and driving coding best practicesEngaging with other developers to ensure overall application architecture alignmentSuccessful delivery of high quality and defect-free applicationsPowerBuilder development experienceUnderstanding of OO paradigmExperience with SQLExperience with PL/SQLDevelopment experience in enterprise applications.Net platform – C#Undergraduate in STEMWeb development using modern UI frameworks and scripting (i.e. Typescript, Angular) is a plus
 We partner with great clients to build smart solutions that drive results. To do that, we believe everything starts with inspired people, and that's where you come in. We're looking for software developers to work with an amazing team in our Gainesville, Florida office. Your Role You will work closely with your team comprised of an Interactive Designer, Front-end Developer, Quality Assurance Analyst, Scrum Master, and a Product Owner.  You will be empowered to guide projects in terms of their technical needs and will work directly with your team and Product Owner to create a plan for, and deliver, new features and functionality. 352 Inc. produces a wide range of websites and digital products and provides a renowned opportunity to work on a variety of projects across many unique industries. The ideal person:Maintains a passion for building beautiful semantic experiencesHas worked on several complex projects from beginning to endIs dedicated to learning and adopting new technology and practicesOffers strategic input to clients on their digital strategyHas experience working in agile, team environmentsRequirementsExcellent communication with clients and team members alike3-5 years of web development experienceExperience in Node.js, PHP, and/or C#Experience working in a full-stack capacity, using React, Angular, or another similar frontend frameworkExperience in performance monitoring and tuning for high-traffic sitesExperience with both schema and schema-less database technologiesExperience with Git or a comparable VCSBenefitsWhat You’ll GetFreedom: We trust you to do your thing and do it well.Education: We have offer education budgets for you to get out there and learn. Got invited to speak? Even better.Bonuses: We reward good work. Enough said.Benefits: Health and dental insurance provided, employer-match retirement program. See more of our benefits.Our ValuesInspiration: We’re fascinated by the industry and what we can do with it.Teamwork: The best results come from collaboration.Relationships: We care – a lot – about our teammates and our clients.Smart Solutions: We do things the right way, not necessarily the easy way.Celebration: We celebrate your wins, whether it’s exceeding client’s KPI or winning H-O-R-S-E.
 OverviewAre you a talented C#/.NET developer? Do you have a passion for solving development problems for complex systems? Apply your skills to develop desktop capabilities for ArcGIS, which allows our users to create, curate, and publish indoor maps. Your work will help professionals from a wide range of industries carry out critical data analysis and map production tasks. You will be part of a team that influences lasting contributions for communities with the software code you create. Responsibilities:Develop excellent software that extends the capabilities of the ArcGIS platformBuild software components using a variety of programming languages (C#, .NET, WPF, Python, etc.) that follow industry-standard design patterns, development methodologies, and deployment modelsSolve and articulate complex problems with application design, development, and user experiencesWork closely with other developers to design and develop quality APIs that scale to millions of usersWrite comprehensive technical design specifications and support documentationRequirements3+ years of software development experienceWorking knowledge of SQLObject oriented design skillsBasic knowledge of cloud platforms and NoSQL databasesHands-on experience with RESTful web services, distributed systems, and cloud computingKnowledge of Agile software development methodologies (Scrum)Working knowledge of data storage strategies including SQL (e.g., Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL) and NoSQL alternatives (e.g., Elasticsearch, MongoDB, etc.)All the other important things that will help you be successful at Esri--good communication skills and the ability to thrive in an environment that encourages innovationBachelor’s in computer science, computer engineering, mathematics, GIS, or related field, depending on position level (master's preferred)Recommended Qualifications:Experience with C++/CX, C#, JavaScript, PythonExperience with GIS and web servicesExpertise with Microsoft technology (Visual Studio, TFS, SQL Server)Familiarity with API development, performance tuning, system scalability The CompanyOur passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.


 The Forge team drives Redapts digital transformation and cloud adoption initiatives. Its mission is to enable quantum leaps in production efficiencies by building enterprise applications focused on automating hardware configuration.  The Senior Software Development Engineer will report to the Director of Software Engineering and Product  As a Senior Software Development Engineer on the Forge team you will build challenging enterprise systems, products and applications. You will design and develop hardware configuration applications, work order management apps, customer facing APIs, B2B portals, workflow/process automation and more.  The ideal candidate will have a passion for building applications that interact with datacenter systems across varied OEM providers. Responsibilities:Lead the design and development of advanced automated systems responsible for hardware inventory validation, configuration, provisioning, and testing of data center infrastructureDrive engineering efforts from planning and organization to execution and deliveryInvestigate and solve engineering challenges in process and workflow automationDesign and build customer facing APIs and portalsAnalyze and decompose complex software systems and collaboratively influence others to improve the overall designMentor and guide team membersGuide team members to make optimal product/technical decisionsQualifications:Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalentStrong Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithms and problem solvingAt least 10 years professional experience within an engineering organizationExperience with at least one modern programming language such as Java, C/C++, C#, Python, or RubyScripting skills in Perl, Shell, or another common languagesExperience developing, deploying and maintaining apps on AWS cloud.Track record for being detail-oriented with a demonstrated ability to self-motivate and follow-through on projectsAbility to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical individualsPreferred QualificationsProfessional experience with various configuration management tools (Chef, Ansible, Puppet, Salt etc.)Experience with modern JavaScript libraries or frameworksExtensive knowledge of Unix/Linux environments You should be eligible to work for any employer in the USA to be considered for this job. We will not be sponsoring work visas for this role.
We are looking for a hardworking, motivated, deadline-driven individual to join our team and help change healthcare. As a Sr. Software Engineer you will specialize in building responsive and elegant applications. In this position you will work directly with internal business units to gather and define requirements. Applicants should have multiple years experience writing custom PHP, HTML, CSS, and Javascript. Expertise writing semantic, modular front-end code using HTML5, CSS3, and W3C coding practices is a must. Understanding of the concepts of progressive enhancement, mobile first and future friendly design highly encouraged. Experience with Laravel, Lumen, Bootstrap and Vui.JS is a plus.Primary ResponsibilitiesCode: Proficient understanding of PHP, JavaScript and Object-Oriented ProgrammingIntegrate: Knowledge of integrating APIs on the frontend and backend· Be a Translator: Translate conceptual ideas (business needs and user goals) into intuitive and engaging appsForward Thinker: Promote design thinking, advocate design principles and best practicesBe a Scribe: Documenting skills using tools like Confluence, Swagger, and Readme.ioShoot for the cloud: Develop software architecture that is cloud ready and redundantMake it fast: Implementing and testing software for design, functionality, and performanceFind Undocumented Features: Familiarity with software testing and debuggingOther duties / Soft SkillsBe a team playerMust be analytical, detail oriented and able to translate functional requirements into your designDesign and develop applications using agile development and SCRUM processesAdhere to good development practices: documentation, code standards, code/design reviews, optimization and maintainability.Act to support UHIN’s mission; develop and maintain the trust of our community of members.Follows direction from supervisor but also able to prioritize assigned tasks.Actively holds self-accountable to commitments and is able to regularly communicate this accountability to managerWanna know more about what projects were working on? Come interview and find out all the cool software you could help us build!QualificationsRequired4 – 6 Years in the following· Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.· Development experience in PHP and Javascript.· Experience with HTML, CSS and AJAX· Web application development· Development experience designing object-oriented JavaScript.· Significant experience developing user-facing software.· Experience engineering software systems of medium-to-large scope and complexity.Preferred· Experience designing with client rich technologies such as AngularJS, Vue.js, Bootstrap, JQuery, or similar a plus· Know the stack - familiarity with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.· An understanding of the principles of accessibility and can build products that are accessible to users in healthcare.· ITIL Support Framework· Code methodology experience (Agile/Scrum/Kanban)· Working knowledge of healthcare (HIPAA Regulations, PHI, etc.)
 What You Will DoDetailed DescriptionThe Mission and Programmatic Software (SAE-3) Group provides application development and implementation services to LANL Projects. This position involves design, development and maintenance of custom in-house applications serving a variety of customers around the Lab.This position will be filled at either theSoftware Developer 2 or 3 level,depending on the skills of the selected candidate. Additional job responsibilities (outlined below) will be assigned if the candidate is hired at the higher level.  Software Developer 2 ($72,500 - $118,200)The selected candidate will work as a Java Enterprise Edition (JEE) application developer to support the development and maintenance of institutional and departmental applications. The selected candidate will be assigned to various projects based off the needs of the organization and at the discretion of SAE-3 management.  Responsibilities Include: Work as a team member and independently with direction from the SAE-3 management.Design, modify and test enhancements to applications supported by SAE-3.Provides software development support in development, maintenance and system standards. Software Developer 3 ($87,800 - $144,800)  In addition to the duties outlined above, the Software Developer 3 will be required to: Self-initiate work with limited supervision.Use independent judgment for determining course of action to accomplish objectives.Use a broad range of advanced technical skills to solve complex technical issues. What You Need  Minimum Job Requirements:  Minimum Job Requirements for Software Developer 2 Proven software lifecycle knowledge including requirements, design, development, and testing with appropriate documentation. The work experience must show progressively increasing levels of technical skills and complexity of workDemonstrated experience writing and implementing business solutions using Agile practicesDemonstrated experience developing web applications using Java EE as the core frameworkDemonstrated experience using 3rd party JavaScript packages such as Angular, JQuery, etc.Demonstrated experience using development and source control tools such as Netbeans, Eclipse, Git, Subversion, etc.Demonstrated experience using markup languages such as HTML5, XML, etc.Familiarity with databases such as SQL Server or OracleFamiliarity with the use of JSONDemonstrated experience in authoring and consuming web services using both REST and SOAP protocols Additional Job Requirements for Software Developer 3:In addition to the Job Requirements outlined above, qualification at the Software Developer 3 level requires: Demonstrated experience using and tuning commercial application servers such as Weblogic.Professional experience using Java Persistence API (JPA) and utilizing a provider such as Hibernate or Toplink.Demonstrated experience developing interfaces using Java Server Faces (JSF)Demonstrated experience utilizing Enterprise Java Beans (EJB)Demonstrated experience utilizing Java Messaging Service (JMS)Experience designing and implementing applications that utilize persistence layers such as SQL Server or Oracle. Desired Skills:Demonstrated experience implementing software utilizing the various spring packages.  Software Developer 2 Education Required:Position typically requires a bachelor’s degree and a minimum five years of related experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  Software Developer 3 Education Required: Position typically requires a bachelor’s degree and a minimum eight years of related experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. At this level, post graduate course work may be desirable.  Notes to Applicants:Please provide a comprehensive cover letter detailing how you meet the minimum and desired qualifications for the job.  Additional Details:  Clearance: Q(Position will be cleared to this level). Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements* for access to classified matter.  *Eligibility requirements: To obtain a clearance, an individual must be at least 18 years of age; U.S. citizenship is required except in very limited circumstances. See DOE Order 472.2 for additional information.  New-Employment Drug Test: The Laboratory requires successful applicants to complete a new-employment drug test and maintains a substance abuse policy that includes random drug testing.  Regular position:Term status Laboratory employees applying for regular-status positions are converted to regular status.  Equal Opportunity:Los Alamos National Laboratory is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. All employment practices are based on qualification and merit, without regards to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or preference, marital status or spousal affiliation, physical or mental disability, medical conditions, pregnancy, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or citizenship within the limits imposed by federal laws and regulations. The Laboratory is also committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request such an accommodation, please send an email to applyhelp@lanl.gov or call 1-505-665-4444 option 1.Where You Will WorkLocated in northern New Mexico, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. LANL enhances national security by ensuring the safety and reliability of the U.S. nuclear stockpile, developing technologies to reduce threats from weapons of mass destruction, and solving problems related to energy, environment, infrastructure, health, and global security concerns.  The Software and Applications Engineering (SAE) Division supports LANL’s enterprise application and performs software application development support, database development and administration, software quality management, and enterprise application consulting. The Site Infrastructure, Mission, and Programs Software Group (SAE-3) provides software engineering services, custom application development, and commercial off the shelf application implementations. Location: Los Alamos, NM, US Contact Name: Budge, Trevor L. Organization Name: SAE-3/ Site Infrastructure & Programs Software Email: tbudge@lanl.gov Job Title: Java Enterprise Edition (JEE) Developer (Software Developer 2/3) Appointment Type: Regular Req ID: IRC58204
ALL CANDIDATES MUST HAVE AN ACTIVE TS/SCI WITH POLYGRAPH CLEARANCE!Description:Work with team lead to understand tasking and deliver system to required specificationsWork with stakeholders to understand and implement system componentsParticipate as a member of the Scrum team in daily stand upsRequired Experience:20 years of experience as a software developer10+ years of experience as a Java developerFull lifecycle software development, including design, implementation, testing, installation, configuration and upgradingGood communication and documentation skillsExperience with AJAX Single Page Interface technologies such as Angular, Ember, EXT-JS, or JQueryMust be comfortable working Linux based environmentsDesired Experience:Experience with Jira/Confluence suiteExperience with Graph, NoSQL, or SQL databasesNeo4j or MongoDM experience is a plusExperience with Angular JSExperience with Git or other DVCSSpring (Spring Data, Spring Integration, Spring MVC), Apache Camel, OSGiGood working knowledge of Linux/Unix and scripting (sh, bash, perl, and other scripting languages)Agile/Scrum methodology a plusQualifications:Twenty (20) years experience in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required
WHY WORK FOR USSince 1998, ProLink Solutions has helped organizations of all sizes transition from outdated legacy systems, improve efficiency in business processes, increase asset management transparency, simplify compliance, and improve enterprise-level reporting. Just like our employees, each and every one of ProLink’s clients is unique and each project brings its own set of challenges and thought provoking solutions.As an employee of ProLink, you have the opportunity to bring your creativity to the table to deliver a combination of out-of-box software and custom implementations to delight our clients. On top of the day-to-day challenges of serving our unique client base, ProLink provides a number of perks for all of our employees:A relaxed work environment with a casual dress code.A fully-stocked kitchen and lounge area for breaks, lunch, and to catch up with colleagues.Company-sponsored outings—during paid work hours—to spots handpicked by employees.Rewards for hard work—we recognize both team and individual effort.Flexible work hours, and the option to occasionally work from home.Direct access to upper management.Unlimited vacation/PTO.Each ProLink employee is entitled to one day of volunteering each year and matched charitable giving up to $250 per year.Great benefits ( up to 5% 401k match, health, vision, dental, disability, and life insurance)Our Values: Integrity, Innovation, Fun, Mutual Respect, Have a Heart, LightPOSITION OBJECTIVESThe Senior Software Developer will be part of an agile development team, building and working on enterprise-grade software systems on top of the Microsoft .NET development stack. The Senior Software Developer will provide technical and team leadership through coaching and mentorship. This position reports to the Managing Director.RESPONSIBILITIESProvide technical leadership to teammates through coaching and mentorshipCollaborate with other software developers, business analysts and architects to plan, design, develop, testParticipate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related codePackage and support deployment of releasesProvide support to business users as necessaryRelies on diverse experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goalsWorks under minimal supervisionA wide degree of creativity and latitude is requiredTECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS AND EXPERIENCEExperience with source control systems (TFS) and continuous integration/deployment environmentsExperience with agile development methodologiesExperience with debugging, performance profiling and optimizationComprehensive understanding of object-oriented and service-oriented application development techniques5+ years of full stack .NET : C#, ASP.NET, AJAX, WebForms, MVC, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS, DI/IoC, EF and LINQIn depth knowledge and experience with service layer technologies including: WCF, SOAP, Web API, SSOIn depth knowledge and experience with SQL Server and ORM technologiesExposure to open source libraries (Angular, Bootstrap, Knockout, JQuery UI)Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS, ELB, EC2, SES, Message Queues) a plusExposure to Excel and Word VSTO Add-Ins a plusExposure to an automated testing framework (Selenium) a plusBachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent experienceNote: This job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, or qualifications associated with the job. May perform other duties as assigned.
. Do you dare to reinvent the future of education?  At Cengage, we are harnessing the power of tech to build a future where all learners have the tools and confidence to achieve their goals.As a Cengage employee you will pioneer transforming the way people learn. Collaborating with the best of the best, you will feel challenged and inspired to do breakthrough work. With the support of our united team, there is no limit to what you can imagine, create and set in motion.  Are we right for you?  We bring our “A” game, unique talents and point of view to the table every day. We are curious and comfortable with change and are willing to take risks to transform education. Most importantly, everything we do, we do for the learner.  You will apply creativity and general mastery of software engineering to effectively design, implement and support the business and its related technologies. You will work in a highly collaborative, cross functional and Agile team. What You'll Do Here:Work in a collaborative environment with passion and commitment to design and develop solutions to solve business problemsDeliver value to the customer using agile principles and practicesEnsure high quality code through testingEnsure effective communication regarding deliverables and work scheduleLearn and understand best practices for appropriate platforms and languagesTake ownership of applications and projects including identifying issues, pro-actively looking for solutions and delivering on milestonesContribute to the design, architecture and build of our productsContribute to innovation of engineering processes and technology best practicesStay abreast of trends, latest industry developments and share knowledge among colleaguesSkills You Will Need Here:Required:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or Engineering and 4 - 6 years of recent relevant work historyExperience with JavaScript (Angular and/or React) AND .NETKnowledge of and desire to work in an Agile development environmentExperience using source code control systems such as Git, Stash or TFSWriting Unit TestsExcellent analytical and organizational skillsObject-oriented design skillsExcellent communication skills - both written and verbalPreferred:Experience with node.jsExperience with Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)Experience with Amazon's AWSUnderstanding of cloud technologies and emerging computing trends
 Veterans United is seeking a Software Architect to serve as a technical leader in application architecture and design. This position will not be originating loans.What you'll do: Serve as lead architect for complex mission critical projects or programs. Collaborate with your teammates to support crucial application systems.Partner with technical product owners to create and drive vision for our suite of internal- and external-facing productsEnsure that components of the technical architecture, including database design, are properly integrated and implemented.Provide technical excellence, support, and quality throughout all stages of projects.Partner with all technical departments in the purchase of new applications, tools, technologies, and solutions.Learn leading-edge architecture methods, practices, and tools.Pair with development teams to provide elegant application designs.Help progress our DevOps initiatives and methodologies.Develop, promote, and teach best practices in our systems, security, design, database, development, etc.Necessary skills: Technical leadership abilities including self-direction, coaching & mentoring, and leading change in tools or practices across all levels of an organization.Agile engineering and process practices.Aptitude to learn new technology.Strong interpersonal communication skills (written and verbal).Excel in fast-paced, results-oriented environment.Job Requirements:7+ years of experience in Application Development, Architecture, and Database Design.Experience with native and hybrid mobile application development.Experience coaching and pairing with members of a team.Familiarity with WISC and/or LAMP stack (Java is awesome, too).Familiarity with JQuery and other JavaScript frameworks.Experience with Jenkins, TFS, Perforce, and other version control, continuous integration and delivery tools.Veterans United is proud to be an EOE/ADA and Military Friendly employer
 BI Developer Department: Enterprise Technologies Location: Rockville, MD, USNIKA is seeking a Business Intelligence Developer who will be responsible for designing, developing, implementing, and maintaining our customer’s BI platform by leveraging your skills with the Microsoft BI suite. You’ll create Power BI reports to communicate business metrics and assist power users with creating their own.  Named a “Top Workplace” by the Washington Post, NIKA is a well-established company that is focused on growth within an entrepreneurial environment. We are revolutionizing how businesses and governments design, build and manage real property by combining architecture and engineering, enterprise technologies, and facilities operations management services all under one roof. When you become part of the NIKA team, you join an organization that encourages collaboration, vision and personal development. Our new, state-of-the-art, “green” office is a unique environment that makes you excited to go to work each day. PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Develop data driven reports, dashboard and analytics.Apply advanced knowledge of visual design, PowerBI dashboard, and PowerBI tools.Create reports and self-service methods that help ensure data is available to decision makers.Support and understand data dimensionality, methodology, design and schema to effectively develop complex analytics and reports.Evaluate existing reports to identify opportunities to improve visualization and the report viewing experience.Provide outstanding customer service to internal and external customers.Support business analysts and work with end users to establish reporting and analytic requirements.Develop and maintain security model and data access levels within the reporting infrastructure.Support ETL by performing loading and ensuring all data is accurate and up-to-date.Identify actionable insights, and suggest recommendations by effectively communicating findings to cross-functional groups.Explore and recommend emerging technologies and techniques to support/enhance BI landscape components.Analyze complex data from multiple sources; detect data problems, and suggest improvements that will have immediate impact.JOB REQUIREMENTS AND ESSENTIAL SKILLS:Minimum of 5 years of experience with data analytics and various report development softwareMinimum of 2 years of experience with Power BI5+ years of experience writing advanced SQL queries2 years of work experience using SSIS, SSAS, SSRS and/or PowerBIDemonstrated proficiency in general database administration concepts and efficient query writing.An eagerness to continually improve your skills and learn new technologiesComfortable with an environment where priorities change frequentlyAbility to work, collaborate, and deliver strong results in a dynamic team environmentAbility to work in a fast-moving company and industryAbility to work mostly unsupervisedWillingness to take initiative and contribute beyond basic responsibilitiesExcellent verbal and written communication skillsEDUCATION, TRAINING, CERTIFICATIONS:Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Computer ScienceMust be eligible for DoD Secret Security ClearanceActive Public Trust or Secret Clearance highly desiredAn Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.Apply now
 Have you ever wondered what it would feel like to be a part of an entrepreneurial company where your unique abilities are celebrated, you increase your creative energy and your role adds value every day? Sound impossible? It’s not.  La Macchia Enterprises (LME) has a unique story of being family-owned for over 40 years. We turn vacation dreams into long-lasting memories by focusing on our customers’ End-to-End Experience at every touch point. Our 1,000+ team members embody our core values, making us a global leader in leisure travel and technology. Our team is the reason we’ve earned a spot on the Top Workplaces list for multiple years.  Trisept Solutions, a division of LME, was the first to process an online vacation booking. Trisept has continued its evolution working with the leading global airlines, hotels and theme parks to provide cutting-edge technology solutions. Visitwww.triseptsolutions.com to continue the story.  Now it’s your turn to enhance your career with Trisept Solutions. Grow and learn with us as an Application Software Developer. You will write, test, and document solutions for projects and problems of limited to moderate complexity. You will also perform supervised systems analysis and design work on problems of limited scope. In this role, you will also interact with technical staff, clients, and vendors to ensure our e-commerce solutions for the travel industry are the best available in the competitive, fast-paced online marketplace.  A successfulApplication Software Developer will: Contribute to team's goal of successfully completing software development projects.Maintain the team's application portfolio.Design programmatic solutions within the architectural constraints of the applications.Design simple data structure and/or file solutions.Isolate and resolves reported application problems.Assist with the creation of project specifications, documentation and prototypes.Write programs according to specification.Requirements:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS or a related field from a 4 year college or university or an equivalent combination of education and experience.One or more high level programming languages.Effective software development practices.Relational database concepts.Written and verbal communication.Problem solving and analytical skillsEnjoys working with a teamBenefits at a Glance:Medical/Dental/Vision InsuranceShort and Long Term DisabilityLife InsuranceFlexible Spending Accounts401(k) with employer matchGenerous time off planTuition ReimbursementTravel DiscountsTeam Member Referral ProgramWellness Program We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free and tobacco-free workplace and perform pre-employment background checks.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 Bytion, a SAAS Marketing Company founded in 2010, is seeking a Senior Engineer (MEAN-Stack) and Software Architect (Remote) to join our X-Squad Division to develop and scale our latest and most revolutionary marketing product yet. Working closely with a small, fast-paced agile project team, you'll be developing a revolutionary digital marketing web and mobile platform. This is a challenging and rewarding opportunity to build a revolutionary application and platform using bleeding-edge technologies, as well as leading the growth of a new division within Bytion. ResponsibilitiesWork on large-scale, custom distributed software systems using the MEAN StackLead teams of software engineersBe responsible for the quality of software and resolving issuesBe a mentor and role model to less experienced developersEmploy Agile development including task estimation, test automation, deployment automation and Continuous Integration to improve overall execution speed and product qualityWork within an Agile Environment, including SCRUM and/or XP (Extreme Programming)Develop and review architecture plansCoordinate with others across the organization to build fully integrated systemsTroubleshoot and resolve varying levels of technical issuesAdd value by being current with new trends and frameworks within the developer communityDrive adoption of modern development strategies, processes, and methodsSet and maintain priorities in a multi-project environmentRequirements Ideally you have either a computer science or STEM degree from a top institution and/or experience at a high-performing tech company, but we are open to strong candidates who meet the following: 8+ years' experience in software development & delivery with Java, Ruby, and/or Python4+ years' experience working with MEAN Stack (MongoDB, ExpressJS, AngularJS, NodeJS)2+ years' experience working with / developing REST APIsHave helped lead development on large, custom-built object-oriented applicationsExcellent understanding of systems architecture, technical design, data structures, and algorithmsTrack record of leading a top-tier Agile engineering team (bonus points if you built it yourself)Experience working with Agile, Lean and/or Continuous Delivery approaches and best practices, such as Extreme Programming (XP) or SCRUMAble to understand and interact with the company’s entire technology stack, continuous integration environments, and infrastructure orchestration tools, including Heroku, AWS, MongolabsFamiliarity with cloud architectures, tools, and processesPassion for continuous improvement and evolutionMotivated to write quality, tested, readable codeSignificant contributions to open source projects or community organizations
Powerplan is a profitable market leader with over 20 years of experience in the asset-intensive financial systems and managing over $2.5 trillion of clients’ assets. Powerplan is in a high growth phase investing into the next generation solutions.We are looking for a roll-up-the-sleeves person who will have a strong passion for quality and an inquisitive spirit to stay up to date with the latest technical developments in the industry.This is a great opportunity to help a successful company utilize modern technology to solve high value business problems. You should be experienced in working on successful and large-scale development projects. We are a dynamic team that always punches above our weight and has fun along the way!Active development of our core platform and product in an agile environmentFollowing and driving coding best practicesEngaging with other developers to ensure overall application architecture alignmentSuccessful delivery of high quality and defect-free applicationsPowerBuilder development experienceUnderstanding of OO paradigmExperience with SQLExperience with PL/SQLDevelopment experience in enterprise applications.Net platform – C#Undergraduate in STEMWeb development using modern UI frameworks and scripting (i.e. Typescript, Angular) is a plus
 OverviewAre you a talented C#/.NET developer? Do you have a passion for solving development problems for complex systems? Apply your skills to develop desktop capabilities for ArcGIS, which allows our users to create, curate, and publish indoor maps. Your work will help professionals from a wide range of industries carry out critical data analysis and map production tasks. You will be part of a team that influences lasting contributions for communities with the software code you create. Responsibilities:Develop excellent software that extends the capabilities of the ArcGIS platformBuild software components using a variety of programming languages (C#, .NET, WPF, Python, etc.) that follow industry-standard design patterns, development methodologies, and deployment modelsSolve and articulate complex problems with application design, development, and user experiencesWork closely with other developers to design and develop quality APIs that scale to millions of usersWrite comprehensive technical design specifications and support documentationRequirements3+ years of software development experienceWorking knowledge of SQLObject oriented design skillsBasic knowledge of cloud platforms and NoSQL databasesHands-on experience with RESTful web services, distributed systems, and cloud computingKnowledge of Agile software development methodologies (Scrum)Working knowledge of data storage strategies including SQL (e.g., Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL) and NoSQL alternatives (e.g., Elasticsearch, MongoDB, etc.)All the other important things that will help you be successful at Esri--good communication skills and the ability to thrive in an environment that encourages innovationBachelor’s in computer science, computer engineering, mathematics, GIS, or related field, depending on position level (master's preferred)Recommended Qualifications:Experience with C++/CX, C#, JavaScript, PythonExperience with GIS and web servicesExpertise with Microsoft technology (Visual Studio, TFS, SQL Server)Familiarity with API development, performance tuning, system scalability The CompanyOur passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
COCC delivers complete enterprise processing solutions to financial institutions throughout the northeastern United States. Listed among American Banker's FinTech 100 and the Inc. 5,000 fastest growing companies in the nation, COCC inspires the industry with innovation and top quality support. Designated as a Top Workplace in Connecticut, COCC recognizes employees as the core of our success! COCC offers a progressive training program to support employees in personal and professional development.We are currently seeking anEntry Level Software Developerto design and program special requests, enhancements, conversions, and defect repairs for our customers. The successful candidate is a team player with a positive attitude.Responsibilities:•Designs and codes solutions for special requests, enhancements, conversions and defects•Handles all code changes and/or corrections and makes library code changes, as needed•Tests all code changes and troubleshoots system issues•May prepare sizing/work estimates for assigned enhancements•Assists in testing functionality and researches any issues discovered•Handles internal and external inquiries concerning existing and/or new functionality•Assists internal departments with writing release notes and system documentation•Prepares project status reportsQualifications:•Bachelor’s degree •Knowledge of programming languages and relational database concepts•Proficient in Microsoft Office•Excellent written and verbal communication skills•Ability to work with and understand confidential information•Ability to work successfully both as a team member and independently•Strong attention to detail and organizational skills•Ability to manage multiple priorities and tight deadlines while maintaining a high level of qualityCOCC offers an attractive compensation and benefits package including; Medical, Dental, Paid Day Off for Birthdays, Tuition Assistance, 401K / Profit Sharing and much more! COCC is committed to maintaining a drug-free workplace. All applicants are required to pass a credit, background, and substance test prior to employment. COCC procures background and consumer reports in compliance with all Federal and State regulations, including The Fair Credit Reporting Act and CT Department of Labor laws regarding pre-employment screens. E.O.E. 
Primary Responsibilities Provides the technical design of software applications Creating or updating software documentation to reflect current application architectureParticipate in code reviews as neededUpdating existing software applications to meet changes and enhancements in user storiesUnit testing, validating and documenting all new applications including new versions of existing applications using appropriate validation protocol, testing techniques and documentation methods Provides technical support and guidance to all internal and external application users by Answering questions regarding application design and functionalityAssisting Application Support Personnel in troubleshooting (level III)Supporting and ensuring application functionality including database integrity, data loading, data quality assurance and data exportSecondary Responsibilities Maintains Quality Service and Departmental Standards by Reading, understanding and adhering to organizational Standard Operating Procedures (“SOP”)Assisting in establishing and enforcing departmental standards Contributes to team effort by Working with internal staff to resolve issuesExploring new opportunities to add value to organization and departmental processesHelping others to achieve resultsPerforming other duties as assigned Maintains Technical and Industry Knowledge by Attending and participating in applicable company-sponsored trainingMaintaining a strong understanding of software development trends and technologyMaintaining a strong understanding of the regulatory requirements applicable to applications development in clinical trialsQualifications:Education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field preferred  Coursework in software development and major programming languages preferred  Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer or Sun Certified Java Developer desired Experience: 1+ years’ experience in software development using a commercial programming language such as Java, Visual Basic, C++, or .Net  Worked as a member of an Agile software deliver team  Demonstrated understanding of the development and QA process  Experience working with clinical trials and/or within pharmaceutical environment a plus  Proven problem-solving abilities Additional skill set: Strong motivational skills and abilities – promoting a team based approach  Strong interpersonal and communication skills, both verbal and written  Strong organizational and leadership skills  Goal oriented  Ability to maintain professional and positive attitude Working conditions: Travel: 0-10%  Lifting: 0-10 lbs  Other: Computer work for long periods of time  EEO Statement  Bioclinica is an equal opportunity employer. Bioclinica evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, disability/handicap status or any other legally protected characteristic  This position description should not be deemed all inclusive. Additional requirements and expectations may be assigned. At all times, employees are expected to adhere to company policies and company SOPs.
 ABOUT TRIPACTIONS  TripActions is a rapidly growing travel startup that is changing the way companies and employees approach business travel. Today companies struggle to rein in costs while employees are forced to endure an ever-growing list of inconveniences: more travel restrictions, tighter policies, lost travel perks. TripActions is here to save business travel with a modern, mobile-first travel solution that works for companies and their employees.  We’re saving customers 30% on their travel budgets with the only end-to-end business travel offering on the market. We’ve built best-in-class mobile-first technology, a 24/7 proactive support solution and a massive & unbiased collection of consumer, direct and corporate inventories for flights, accommodations, cars and more. Employees love us because we empower them to travel on their own terms. They’re in control of how they travel, earning points and rewards for personal use along the way.  We’re modernizing and re-defining what it means to travel for work. Come help us build the future.  TripActions is headquartered in Palo Alto, CA and backed by Oren Zeev, LSVP, and SGVC.  ABOUT THE ROLE  You’ll be at the center of focus at a hungry mobile-first startup. We are scaling our mobile development team and are looking for an engineer to own and help build out our vision of a new way to travel.  RESPONSIBILITIES Re-imagine how people travelQuickly implement and iterate on new and innovative ideasCollaborate with designers and engineersAnalyze and optimize UI for quality, efficiency and performanceLive and breathe beautiful mobile experiences QUALIFICATIONS Minimum 2 years writing, releasing, maintaining iOS codeStrong expertise in SwiftDeep understanding of iOS SDKExperience analyzing a feature in production using analytics and profiling toolsAbility to recognize and implement modern product designSolid understanding of JSON, REST and other similar web servicesCurrently have apps deployed on the iOS App StoreAn undeniable passion for travel EMPLOYEE BENEFITS Health: Medical, dental and visionFood: Catered meals and drinksStock: Be invested in our futureSavings: Commuter benefits and 401K planPeople: Friendly, nice and smart coworkersWork/life balance: Take time off when you need it with an open vacation policy. Monthly recharge days ensure you’re at your best.Location: Work from Palo Alto, the heart of Silicon Valley. Can work twice a week in our WeWork space in San Francisco
 Overview  Are you eager to use your problem-solving abilities and passion for advancing software quality through integration testing and automation to fulfill the requirements of the Esri user community? This is an exciting opportunity to contribute to designing and building the next generation of ArcGIS Enterprise. In this position, you’ll be a key member of our ArcGIS Enterprise software development team, meeting user requirements and assuring the quality of the newly-built software functions including geoanalytics, distributed collaboration, and recommendation engine. Responsibilities:Collaborate with developers and product engineers on the team to design the integration tests for a functionDevelop the integration tests in Java/Python/SoapUIDeploy and schedule integration tests to run daily and share status in an easy to understand mannerManage the suite of integration tests; refactor and re-engineer them as neededManaging the integration test framework and dashboardsDrive best practices for test driven developmentRequirementsPassionate about writing tests and breaking software2+ years of experience with testing frameworks such as Junit/PyUnit/SoapUI2+ years of xperience with automation and deployment tools such as Jenkins, Chef2+ years of experience with web services and web API development in REST and SOAPAbility to translate software functions into testsTechnical background in web technologiesStrong problem-solving and analytical skillsExcellent written and verbal communication skills, including presentation skillsEffective time management and organizational skillsPassion and ability to make a differenceRecommended Qualifications:Demonstrated experience automating software tests, including low-level (non-UI) testsExperience selecting/developing an automation frameworkExperience using SQL for test setup and validationFamiliarity with system and web server administrationProven development skills in Java, Python, and other scripting languagesFamiliarity with JavaScript and other presentation tier frameworks to build status dashboards#LI-CK1 The Company  Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Job Title: Senior Software DeveloperDepartment: TechnologyFLSA Status: ExemptReports to: Development ManagerAs a Software Developer you will be responsible for developing solutions to achieve the objectives of Boats Group. You will analyse requirements and determine the best solutions, calling on your extensive knowledge, experience and understanding of the domain. You will relish sharing that same expertise in the form of technical leadership, coaching and mentoring within the software development teams. You will build a deep understanding of the strategic and tactical goals for Boats Group. You will work closely with the Software Architect to advise on determining software architectures and then translate the direction set by the Architect into principles to guide short and long term technology goals.What You Must Have BS in Computer Science/related field of study or equivalent experience developing and maintaining complex enterprise web applications in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.An understanding of web services (RESTful and RPC based), JSON payloads with stateless restful polyglot services.Experience with version control systems (Git, SVN)An understanding of continuous integration, continuous deployment and unit testingExperience developing with some of the following: Node.js , Java (or similar technology), Browser-side JavaScript, HTML5An understanding of agile software development practices What You Should Have Experience developing applications leveraging cloud platforms (AWS) including a thorough understanding of the unique problems the cloud presents.Search technologies like Apache Solr and ElasticsearchQueueing technologies: JMS, RabbitMQ Miscellaneous Technologies, not required but nice to have: Scala and frameworks: Play and ScalatraPerl, PHP (including Zend Framework)Bash scriptingJBoss Seam and RichFacesKnowledge of database technologies both relational and NoSQL: MySQL, OracleJVM technologies: Java 5+Servlet containers (Tomcat and Resin), Groovy and Grails, Hibernate, SpringAbout Our CrewWe have over 200 employees worldwide and a development team of 70+ people. We live in an agile environment with week long sprints and provide continuous value with multiple deployments per day. Located in Miami, FL; Fareham, UK; Spain; Italy and Costa Rica, we are a team that breathes distributed and will often pair locally and remotely. We are a casual work environment with flexible hours. For fun we play ping pong, shuffleboard, and other games, or head out to local eateries. Our Miami/Brickell space has a flexible workstations and a work hard / play hard culture. We also actively invest in employee training and development.We are looking for big thinkers, risk takers and industry disrupters. We believe in integrating diverse talents as every crew member of the Boats Group brings a unique expertise to our expanding team. If you are committed to innovation and a desire to provide exceptional customer support, then we want to hear from you!
Who We Are: Mission focused and results oriented! Social Solutions’ main purpose and software solution (SaaS) helps some of the most vulnerable human beings in our society. Our software for Nonprofits allows them to spend less time on compliance and funder reporting and more time on ensuring the effectiveness of their service programs for the people who rely on them. Since our software was designed by direct service workers for direct service providers, it also helps them to demonstrate impact to stakeholders. Our team is comprised of super talented people who want to be a part of an exciting high growth company and help transform lives. Who You Are: Social Solutions is seeking a smart and motivated LAMP Software Engineer who’s eager to learn and to make the world a better place. The ideal candidate is someone who is comfortable working within a large and complex Zend PHP-based Codebase, gets satisfaction from knowing they did things the right way, even if it was harder, has a passion for exceeding the user’s expectations, and can mentor Junior Members of the Software Development Team. Job Responsibilities: Follow established departmental SDLC policies and procedures (ie: Agile/SCRUM, Rally Workflow.) Develop web backend infrastructure, utilize applications to ensure technical performance, and assess new technologies to fit Social Solutions' needs. Provide professional and high level technical expertise to all aspects of the SDLC. Develop web front-end infrastructure, utilize applications to ensure technical performance, and assess new technologies to fit Social Solutions’ needs. Maintain up-to-date knowledge of new technologies and their applicability to Company products. Interface with customers to manage and resolve elevated technical issues.Job Requirements Bachelor’s Degree or Diploma in Computer Science or Computer Programming, or equivalent experience. Experience creating enterprise level software. Strong analytical thinking and problem-solving skills. Strong written communication skills, including documentation. Ability to work independently.Technical Expertise At least 3 years hands-on of engineering/programming work experience with Linux, Apache, MySQL & PHP (LAMP) including:  Using Model/View/Controller (MVC) design patterns Object-oriented design and programming Use of PHP Code Frameworks such as Zend Experience with SQL Queries using MySQL Two or more years of working HTML 5.0 and CSS 3.0 Development Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as JQuery, React, Angular, etc. Single sign-on and standard authentication protocols (LDAP, SAML) Web Services (SOAP, Rest) MySQL Database Optimization (Percona) SQL Query Creation and OptimizationDesired Experience Data security and encryption. NodeJS (Restify, Sails, Express) Frameworks. AngularJS. Subversion or GIT Code Management. Additional duties and responsibilities assigned as needs arise.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.#DI
 The Software Development Intern helps meet the programming needs at Sandhills Publishing. This responsibility will be met through the maintenance of current systems and development of new systems. Some specific tasks include using Visual Basic.NET, ASP.NET, and latest version of Microsoft SQL Server. The Intern also shares in the responsibility and accountability for all facets of computerization within their assigned area. Assume other duties as assigned.
 What you will do in this role: Design, implement, and deploy web-based software.Develop a UI/UX that is intuitive, creative, and meets business requirements.Contribute to architectural discussions and foster new ideas in back-end development.Develop and collaborate on distributed microservices at an enterprise levelEnsure that high quality code is delivered by means of unit testing and peer reviews.Collaborate with team members to solve problems and to achieve project goals.Keep project documentation up to date.Contribute to the learning environment by exploring new technology and sharing the knowledge with the team. To be successful in this role you will have: A technology degree, vocational training, or relevant experience.Knowledge of software development concepts, methodologies, and practices.Experience with a backend scripting environment such as Node or Python.A willingness to experiment with new frameworks and technologies.The ability to work in a collaborative environment.Strong verbal and written communication skills.The ideal candidate would also have:Experience working with ECMAScript 6+ and Transpilers.Knowledge of client side frameworks such as Angular, React, or Vue.Experience building responsive UI’s with CSS, Sass or other tools.Working familiarity with api development.Experience with messaging protocols such as AMQP or MQTT.Understanding of cross-browser and cross-platform compatibility.Experience with database systems (MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.) Since 2001, DSI has been a leader and advisor to both Fortune 500 companies and smaller specialized firms. Decision Source developers don’t churn out the same code year over year. We offer a collaborative environment where you will work with teams of passionate people on interesting and complex projects. We value diversity and creativity from both a personal and technical standpoint ensuring we have a wide range of skills and talent. Our goal is to invest in our people so they can realize their potential.
 OverviewIt's not just cliché. The heart of Billtrust is our people. Our executives know it, our co-workers believe it, and our clients recognize it. Billtrust is enjoying remarkable success with significant year-over-year growth over the past 15 years. And, we're transforming the industry with leading-edge technologies that enable us to deliver our payment cycle management solution from the cloud. Our team members not only drive that expansion, they benefit by it with empowerment and rewarding professional progress. Billtrust: where talent and opportunity meet. Work Hard. Have Fun. Make History.What you'll doBilltrust is seeking a Senior Software Developer (C#) to join our Agile Quick Response team tasked with building and supporting features for our CashApp platform. You will leverage skills in software design, coding and deployment as a member of a fast-paced Kanban team, and collaborate cross-functionally to determine feasibility of design, ensure code quality and deliver releases. You will also take responsibility of helping evolve our development organization in areas such as unit testing, scalable design, continuous integration (CI), and software performance. Architect, code, implement and support high-quality software solutionsProvide code review and support to junior members of the development teamWork with Kanban team to deliver 100% of our weekly releases on-timeWork with APM to isolate and diagnose Production issuesCollaborate with our stakeholders to ensure we deliver timely, flexible and accurate software solutionsBuild highly-scalable software solutions that will improve overall processing performance What you'll bring to the team Ability to build and support code written in C#, Microsoft .NET, Nancy, SQL Server, HTML5, Angular/Javascript, Sass/CSS and other web technologiesDemonstrated experience within an Agile/Kanban processStrong understanding of relational databases and SQLKnowledge of testable application design principles, utilizing NUnit or similarExperience building behavior-driven development tests for desired business behaviorWell-honed skills in source control management (Git)Experience scaling applications with Azure Containers is strongly desiredAbility to adapt to changing stakeholder prioritiesAbility to communicate with our stakeholders in a consultative fashion and work well with a distributed teamExperience in banking or electronic payments nice-to-haveExperience using APM tools (AppDynamics, New Relic etc.) to diagnose system issues nice-to-haveBachelor degree in Computer Science (or equivalent experience), along with a firm understanding of data structures and scalable software design What you'll get Competitive salary, stock options and 401(k) with company match: We appreciate our employees and we make sure they know it.Benefits: We offer each individual employee a healthcare package that is 100% paid for by Billtrust.Open PTO: Work-life balance is important. We believe in giving our employees time to truly relax and recharge.Paid Parental Leave: To keep our employees and their families healthy.A Lively Culture: Ping-pong, bean bag toss, hackathons - We enjoy friendly competition.Casual Dress: Every day is “Casual Friday’, we want you to be comfortable when you come to work.Minimal Bureaucracy: An entrepreneurial environment of ownership and accountability allows you to get work done.Convenience: Our office is conveniently located just east of downtown Denver several miles from the Denver International Airport.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
Like the technology power tools a large company offers but the innovative environment of a start up? Welcome to Solstice. We’re a leading insurance provider looking for a motivated, results drive, forward-thinking, dynamic, Software and Application Development Managerto join our award-winning company. We don’t like to brag (ok, maybe just a little) but thought you might like to know we’re one of America’s Fastest Growing Companies and South Florida’s Best Places to Work.Do you love making things happen and seeing results? Do you like interacting with the internal customers your team's programming prowess supports? We’d love to chat.In this role, you'll:be responsible for all areas of software management and application development; responsible for managing and coordinating resources and processes to deliver software solutions; participates in defining the strategy for product developmentProvide general supervision of the development team• Provide technical expertise and recommendations in assessing new IT software projects and initiatives to support and enhance our existing Microsoft based systems. • Identify opportunities that can improve efficiency of business processes. • Assist in troubleshooting software application issues.• Assist systems administrator with application installation and testing. • Troubleshoot technical issues and identify modifications needed in existing applications to meet changing user requirements. • Analyze data contained in the corporate database and identify data integrity issues with existing and proposed systems and implement solutions. • Provide programming guidance for in-house IT projects. • Write technical procedures and documentation for the applications including operations, user guide, etc. • Produce technical documentation for new and existing applications. • Verify database and data integrity.• Participate in weekly meetings with the IT network team to discuss progress and issues to be resolved, and report progress on a weekly basis to the IT Director.• Participate in IT project steering committees and be involved in the design phase of any new IT software development projects. • Lead the creation of the system design and functional specifications for new development projects.• Provide senior level programming as required.• Serve as Project Lead via management of end to end system life cycle development of major projects, as required.• Assist with comprehensive cost/benefits analysis and preparation of business cases for new projects.• Coordination of projects; leads, assists, and coordinates work of others to develop, test, install and modify programs.• Help developers resolve both technical problems• Monitor individual employees’ performance.• Provide leadership and guidance to coach, motivate, and lead team members to their optimum performance levels and career developmentEXPERIENCE • 10+ years of hands-on software development/programming with the ability to use their experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. • Functional working knowledge of data processing, hardware platforms, and enterprise software applications. • Expert development ability in SQL 2005/2008.• Expert development ability in C#, ASP.NET 3.5/4.0, VB, XML, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, AJAX and HTML. • Prior supervisory experience prerferred
Who are we? Raybeam Inc. is a software engineering and consulting company focused on strategic consulting, business intelligence, and online/database marketing for the past fifteen years. We have offices near Boston and San Francisco and support a strong list of clients including Google, Facebook, Microsoft, eBay, One Kings Lane, Disney and Beachbody. What do we do? We provide technology solutions by architecting and developing enterprise systems using a variety of programming languages, tools and platforms. This can range from building data warehouses, to web applications to implementing reporting platforms. We work in small teams, own the projects that we work on, and have direct input into the business decisions of our clients. What are we looking for? We are looking for a Front-End Web Developer who is motivated to combine the art of design with the art of programming. You will work with various other team members and clients to facilitate graphical design and technical implementation, taking an active role on both sides, defining how the application looks as well as how it works. Flexibility, creativity, and speed are highly desirable qualities as we move fast on small teams with a variety of technologies. Responsibilities will include creation of functional mockups (working HTML, CSS, and Javascript) based on specification documents for review and feedback. Rapid iteration upon mockups based upon given feedback and/or pivots in approach. Turning functional mockups into viable markup partials that can be incorporated into applications of various technology stacks (Rails, Django, App Engine, Ferris). Creating or recommending javascript libraries/plugins/snippet for various desired web functionalities (i.e. a modular visualization in D3, a type ahead input, etc.). Ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines. Skills Needed:Proficient understanding and creation of web markup (HTML5, CSS)Proficient understanding and utilization of client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks (jQuery, D3, etc.Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.Proficient understanding of code versioning tools (Git, Mercurial, SVN)Good understanding of UI/UXGood understanding of server side MVC frameworks (Rails, Django, etc..)Good understanding of advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks (AngularJS, React, Polymer, etc.)Basic knowledge of image authoring tools, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. Familiarity with tools such as as Gimp or Photoshop is a plusWhat we’d like to see in you:Excellent communication skills - Be able to explain what you are doing and why to your teammates and to the client.Adaptability – You need to work with new technologies or deal with challenging situations.Problem Solving – You need to solve problems under pressure and adapt to new situations.We have fantastic benefits including competitive pay, fully paid health insurance (including vision), free daily lunch, 401k contribution, long term disability insurance, flexible schedule, annual company outing, generous vacation/sick time, holidays and more!If you are interested in applying for the position please click on the link below to take a short quiz. http://careerseval.raybeam.com/sign_in  Please note that Raybeam, Inc. is currently unable to provide sponsorship.
General Information Location 3297 NJ-66  Neptune, NJ 07753  United States Employee Type Full Time Required Degree 4 Year DegreeDescription The Senior Developer is responsible for the implementation, maintenance, and development of all business and clinical software applications that Dialyze Direct uses and develops to manage its business operations, data, and processes.PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITES:Develop and configure software applications.Test and deploy data integrations between existing applications.Field and evaluate requests from users to recommend future releases and updates.Incorporate user feedback to improve applications and user adoption.Collaborates on larger projects, migrations, and deployments, etc.Troubleshoot software applications issues.Performs other tasks/functions as requested.RequirementsEducationBA/BS requiredExperienceThree to five years software development experience (healthcare preferred)One to two years project management experienceSkillsObject Oriented Programming Experience in standard language (Java, C++, C#, Ruby, Python, etc.)SQL Database ExperienceHL7 ExperienceAPI ExperienceDatabase Structure Design and Implementation ExperienceFamiliarity with Source Code and Version RepositoryFamiliarity with UI Toolkits, Frameworks, LibrariesStrong Troubleshooting and Debugging SkillsStrong interpersonal skills; able to effectively communicate (both verbal and written) with diverse backgrounds and different levels in the organizationAble to present progress summaries in various formats to a variety of audiences. LICENSES, CERTIFICATIONS:PMP preferred
Overview:We are currently seeking a talented and passionate Mid- Level Application Developer to join our innovative and close-knit Product Engineering team. Listrak's Application Developers work together to architect and develop new Listrak features while maintaining the stability and sustainability of the Listrak product and solutions. In addition to developer responsibilities, this position will be responsible for in-depth troubleshooting and resolution of performance and stability issues in the production environment. Employee will consult with product owner and other team members to ensure applications are developed according to specifications in a Scrum environment. Responsibilities:Architect and develop new Listrak features and enhancementsAuthor and maintain clean, consistent, and elegant code to create scalable and reliable systemsResearch emerging technologies and make recommendations to the development teamAnalyze, troubleshoot, and resolve production system issues and defectsProvide production support for the Listrak application and its subsystemsConstantly improve SCRUM task estimation accuracy / completion of tasksRegular status updates to all assigned sprint tasks in daily stand-up meetings and maintain Scrum task progression in TFS on a daily basisQualifications:Advanced Knowledge: Microsoft .NET framework, C#, VB.NET, ASP.NET, jQuery, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, XML as well as testing these technologiesBachelors Degree in Computer Science or related work experienceProficient with MS SQL ServerExcellent analytical/organizational and decision making skillsAbility to understand and embrace our business strategyUnderstanding of Agile Development Methodology (Scrum)Experience with Visual Studio / TFS / Git or similar version control system4+ years professional development experienceWorking knowledge of Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, HDFS, HBase, Oozie, Impala, MongoDB or similar technologies a plus
Walks is a leader in the tours and activities industry, offering unique and memorable travel experiences in Italy, New York City, Paris, London, Barcelona and San Francisco. We are an innovative, ambitious, travel-loving team working within an environment that allows you to be a part of the larger picture and encourages your development. We are seeking an experienced, self-motivated individual to join our web development team as a full-time software engineer / developer.About this Position:Your responsibilities would include developing new and maintaining existing APIs for both internal and external use, with a heavy emphasis on automated testing and stability.Available to work in our Austin, Texas office during regularly scheduled business hours (Monday-Friday / 9am-5pm)Required Skills:Experience with microservice architecture best practicesProficiency with PHP / Node.js / MySQLWell-grounded in AWS’s EC2 and Serverless environmentsDevelopment in MVC frameworkProlific troubleshooting and problem-solving skillsTest-driven developmentProven work as LAMP DeveloperStrong verbal and written fluency in EnglishAdded ValueExperience with API design, development and support tools such as Swagger, Apiary or DoxygenAble to leverage AWS services such as SNS, SQS and LambdaRedis / MemcacheMandrill, Slack, Stripe, Zapier, other common APIs all a plusCompensation, Benefits100% employer-covered health insurance benefits, eligible first of month following hire dateTwo weeks Paid Time Off per year. Earn additional PTO day every year after first yearPaid Holidays (All federal holidays recognized)Paid Sick DaysAttractive Parental and Sabbatical Leave401K optionsProfessional Development StipendOccasional optional International and Domestic business travelUnfortunately, at this time, we will not be considering candidates that are remotely-located or contract positions. www.takewalks.com
Position Summary: The Software Development Manager is responsible for leading and growing a team of platform engineers. This position is responsible for collaborating with QA and Product Management to deliver new products and functionality in a timely fashion. You will also be responsible for recommending strategies for complex technical problems, assisting in application architecture, production support and troubleshooting, and mentoring team members on the EVO Snap* applications. Essential Job Functions: • Develop code and documentation for a variety of difficult software projects, and design and implement bug fixes.  • Design a variety of difficult software projects.  • Develop software specifications for the manufacture of cutting-edge surfacing equipment.  • Developing control systems and interfaces in the software for hardware sub-systems  • Implementation of industrial device control protocols.  • Automation of material movement inside the equipment using robotics.  • Interface with internal customers for requirements analysis and schedule.  • Troubleshoot a variety of difficult software problems. Perform software tests on code and enhancements.  • Interface with external customers regarding software issues.  • Compile data for regularly scheduled or special reports, analysis and statements. Supervisory Responsibilities • Responsible for the overall direction, coordination, and evaluation of the Snap* Platform team.  • Define, apply, promote, and manage/track departmental standards for software and machine control architectures, coding styles, source control, peer code review, and agile development principles.  • Carry out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems.  • Perform related projects and duties as assigned Minimum Position Requirements: • B.S. in computer-related field or equivalent experience  • 10+ years of C# .Net development experience  • Ability to architect software solutions from the ground up per Marketing and Product-related specifications.  • Ability to work within and leverage existing architectures and standards.  • Exceptional knowledge in Computer Science fundamentals data structures, algorithms, operating system concepts.  • Exceptional programming skills including experience using C# and source code control. Experience with WCF and web services is preferred.  • Ability and willingness to get in-depth understanding of existing products and apply that knowledge to develop new products and to deliver enhancements/fixes for customer requirements.  • Excellent problem-solving skills and troubleshooting skills.  • Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) and the ability to interact with multi-disciplinary teams.  • Excellent organizational skills  • Ability to maintain confidentiality  • Must be able to pass background and credit checks
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
We are looking for Software Development Manager who is passionate about technology, innovation and people development and help plan and drive A2C transition from a home-grown service application to a cloud application. This position will lead a team responsible for the application development and support of A2C a suite of application TDA Investor Services associates use to service our clients. They will help drive the standards and practices that ensure high-quality software while passionately providing much-needed real-time service functionality for our Investor Service associate. This role will be a blend of hands-on technical skills and people management and leadership soft-skills. The position will be responsible for diving deep into the system when the need arises. It will also be responsible for proactively developing the careers and competencies of the application development team. The Software Development Manager works to deliver project results and value to the business and its clients. The Software Development Manager needs to have knowledge and working experience of all phases of software development life cycle. The position Reports to Sr. Manager or Director. Ensure project teams are staffed with appropriate resources at the time of inceptionEvaluate developer performance on a quarterly basis and recommend training where requiredProactively engage the team on establishing goals and career developmentDevelop and foster technical leadership within the teamWork with Architecture, Engineering, QA & Architecture teams to ensure application designs conform to accepted standardsOversee the support and development activities related to the development of one or more internal systemsEstablish a team road map with Product Management and motivate the team for timely delivery of projects/featuresDevelop subject matter expertise for the technology and domainPartner with QA, Architecture, Engineering and Product Management groups on all development activitiesEstablish and track metrics related to key performance objectives and service levelsStay current with technology and industry best practices to ensure that skill set/knowledge base remains broad and currentDevelop, implement and enforce best practices and operating standards and procedural improvementsIdentify and escalate potential concerns related to project initiatives and recommend viable solutionsEnsure compliance with established industry rules, regulations TD AMERITRADE policies/procedures and best practicesWork to drive the team in the TDA agile transformation journey.4 year college degree5+ years contributing or leading an IT team in a fast-paced application development agile environmentApplication Development management experience is a plus, but not necessary as long as the candidate can demonstrate prior leadership experience and is passionate about leader a team and develop talents.Must have prior experience as a Java & Web software developer dealing with concurrency, Java garbage collection, and messagingMust have Java & Angular knowledge and working experience.Experience in building and consuming RESTFUL service a plus.Experience in CRM (Customer Relationship Management) application a plus.Prior experience with phone system integration and low-latency distributed systems preferredMilitary education or experience may be considered in lieu of requirements above
We have a critical and exciting new opportunity for a Lead role within our Test Organization at Skytap. As a Lead Frontend Software Development Engineer in Test, you'll work closely with our talented and passionate software developers to make sure the product we deliver is correct, scalable, highly available, and secure. We encourage creativity and initiative, and Skytap measures by results, not hours.Skytap is the only public cloud designed specifically for the enterprise. We help businesses achieve their Cloud and DevOps migration strategies faster. Skytap uniquely enables lift-and-shift of traditional datacenter-native applications into the cloud with minimal technical changes. Once in Skytap, customers can instantly clone, share, and manage complete working application environments, enabling them to modernize software delivery cycles and application architectures.Responsibilities:Drive development of web UI test automation focusing on performance metrics and analysis.Manage an offshore black-box QA team. The scope of the offshore teams responsibility is extended to all functional areas of Skytap services, not just UI.Own mobile app testing efforts.Design and develop new automated test frameworks and toolsExtend existing frameworks where appropriateCollaborate closely with a talented team of engineers and architectsResearch and experiment with key test technologies and standardsRequired background and skills:5+ years experience in SDET roleKnowledge of a programmatic web based tools such as Selenium.Knowledge of browser dev tools, cross-browser testing, API integrationAt least a year managing an offshore teamBS in Computer Science (or equivalent degree or experience)Strongly preferred background and skills:Experience developing test frameworks in Java, C#, or PythonExperience designing and developing automation tools and frameworks for distributed systemsDemonstrated ability to use test tools and methods and analyze the resultsExperience with mobile testing tools (e.g. Appium)Experience with performance testing/toolsAt Skytap we believe that great people build a great company. Skytap is committed to providing an inclusive, positive working environment for all employees, regardless of sexual orientation, ableness, physical appearance, education, age, race, or religion. Were looking for amazing people to join our mission--come be a part of building something great!
 Every second a plane takes off with UTC Aerospace Systems equipment onboard. From space exploration and defense to todays more electric, more intelligent, more integrated aircraft our systems make modern flight possible. And by make it possible, we mean: we start it, power it, control it, ventilate it, quiet it, land it, stop it and monitor it. We have more than 41,000 employees across 150 countries working at the forefront of technological innovation. Thanks to their efforts, our global reach and our market-leading position, we do big things no one else can do.  Do you want to be part of a new, exciting initiative to combine foundational IT with new digital technologies? Our IT team is leading UTC Aerospace Systems to empower digITal. With this initiative, the team is leveraging technology to make our internal work environment more efficient, productive and seamless. For our customers, were working to make aircraft more electric, intelligent and integrated. If youre an agile thinker who enjoys utilizing modern technology to make big improvements, then youre a perfect fit for this team. Join UTC Aerospace Systems and help us to empower digITal today! Job Description: As part of the Intelligent Aircraft - Digital Initiatives team, you'll help drive digital transformation by creating Big Data solutions using the latest web, cloud, data analytics and Internet of Things technologies. Our team leverages these tools to create a predictive analytics platform enabling transformative change to our aerospace customers.  In the Software Developer role, youll be a key contributor to the growth of these solutions. Experience in C#, AngularJS,  cloud PaaS and IaaS platforms, as well as structured and semi-structured data stores is required. Large scale, enterprise software development experience is also key to success in this role.  You will report to the Associate Director of Intelligent Aircraft - Digital Initiatives, and can be located in either Charlotte, NC or Windsor Locks, CT. Principal Responsibilities:Work with senior developers and architects to develop enterprise Big Data solutions.Develop algorithms to process streaming data into measurable analytic results.Rapidly develop prototypes for Proof of Concept or fail fast validation.Work with Business Analysts and Project Managers to translate business needs into stories and tasks.Accurately estimate project tasks and timelines.Assist in the creation of best practices and development standards.Stay current on the latest Big Data, cloud, IoT, analytic trends and technologies.Qualification:Experience/Skills Required:3+ years C#2+ years MVC framework2+ years structured or semi-structured data stores (SQL, NoSQL, Cosmos DB)1+ years Angular or ReactJS frameworks1+ years Cloud technologiesStrong analytical and problem solving skillsPreferred:PythonAnalytics platforms such as Hadoop, Spark, DatabricksAgile project methodologiesBasic server administrationBasic network administrationEducation:Education: BA/BS degree w/6 - 10+ years overall IT experience  MA/MS degree w/4 - 7+ years overall IT experience  United Technologies Corporation is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.
 Are you ready for the next step in your career? Then you need to keep reading! When we're looking to hire at Amadeus, we look internally first. Our teams get the benefit of your experience and you get more chances to grow and progress. So, if you are ready for a new challenge and want to drive your career, apply now!  I. Summary of the role  Amadeus is a leading provider of IT solutions for the global travel industry. Our North American R&D group in the Greater Boston area is expanding and looking for experienced enthusiastic motivated and talented technical business analyst to join our team!  Our Application - Customer management is part of the Altea suite product Airline IT division. This is a system which provides check-in, baggage and boarding services to approximately 125 airlines and about a billion airline passengers each year. The team is composed of Technical Business Analysts and Software Engineers. The team has close interactions with American carriers that help build a strong and collaborative relationship. Agile and flexible working styles and methodologies are favored in order to deliver high quality software and shorten the delivery timeline for the customer. Within Amadeus, the CMG team works closely with teams across multiple sites (London, Nice, Bangalore, Sydney, Miami), applications (DCS Customer Management, DCS Flight Management, Inventory, Reservation, Ticketing Merchandising) and groups (R&D, Product Management, Implementation, Global Operations). We are looking for an enthusiastic and experienced software developers who will be in charge of design coding and help development and the evolution of these components.  The Software developer is a key member of the team who is learning to master the Atlea PSS business, and is becoming a key player in the design analyzing and coding phases for the development of new - and enhancement of existing - software solutions, and delivers projects on time. As a Software developer, you will be working all the functionalities of the Altea Departure Control Customer management system. The product interacts extensively with other application in Amadeus and also external airline applications. Being mission critical application high quality of delivery is a must and optimization of the code is needed to improve performances. What do we offer:A collaborative flexible organization with teams spread across the worldOpportunities to lead and innovate/drive a new idea with management supportOpportunity to learn and grow in a fast paced, fun and dynamic environment II. Main Responsiblities Analyze user needs and design, code, test, debug, document and maintain software solutions.Define technical requirements for development of new or improvement of existing software solutions.Design technical solutions and perform feasibility studies.Propose viable technical solutions to Product Management product definition Solution managers Implementation managers and/or users for validation.Model, design and implement databases as necessaryDevelop software according to Amadeus Standards.Conduct unit, package and performance tests of the software and ensure a level of quality in line with the Amadeus guidelines.Participate in the validation / acceptance phase of the product cycle ensuring the fine-tuning necessary to finalize the productProduce software documentation necessary for the application and issue it to the requesting departments.Support the end user in the Production phase by debugging existing software solutions in response to Problem Tracking Records (PTR) and Change Requests (CR) issued from Product Management or Product DefinitionIII. Education: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent Relevant work experience:0 - 2 years of software experience with a bachelor's degree0 years of experience with master's degree (specify based on language - C++, Java, etc.) Business understanding: Knowledge of travel industry is a plus Skills:Computing:Technical skills in any combination of: C++, Python, Java, AngularJSStrong understanding of design-patterns and object-oriented languagesOracle, SQL, UML Modeling skills Languages: Fluent English is a must Specific knowledge:Travel industry IT experience is a plusAgile experience/knowledge preferredOther:Strong team player with collaborative mindsetPassionate about, and committed to delivering high quality softwareFast, thorough and autonomous learner who also understands prioritizationInnovative thinker within established frameworkAbility to manage multiple tasks simultaneouslyAbility to express ideas and opinions clearly, both in oral and written formatAbility to identify and resolve project issues quickly and effectivelyInterested in, and eager to learn new technologies and methodologiesAbility to maintain a proactive and positive attitude in a fast paced, changing environmentThrives in a multi-cultural, global organization To apply: https://amadeus.contactrh.com/jobs/9064/23265345
ABOUT THE ROLEOK, so what will you be doing?• Contribute to development team responsible for implementation of web, JavaScript, and service applications using the .Net Framework, rich JavaScript Application Frameworks, Redis, Elasticsearch, and SQL Server technologies.• Creation of amazing user-experiences with the very latest front-end technologies.• Collaborate with business stakeholders and technology team members to add enhancements and new products in a fast growing software-as-a-service (SaaS) business.• Design and create simple, maintainable code and comprehensive automated tests.• Responsible for timely development and delivery of high-quality software in an Agile Scrum based environment. ABOUT YOUWhat will you need to succeed?• A desire to learn and continually grow and expand your technical skills.• Solid work experience as a Software Developer, specifically with C#/Java and JavaScript in a SaaS platform environment. Our ideal candidate loves to code and is looking for a job where they will get to practice and improve their coding skills every day.• Experience building and tuning high-performance web user interfaces. We use and have provided training on HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ext JS, jQuery, REST-ful APIs, and MVC.• Practical, hands-on experience with pattern-driven and Object-Oriented software analysis, design, and implementation.• Solid experience designing, developing, and tuning application SQL.• Experience using Elasticsearch real-time search and analytics a plus.• Experience developing software for big data, including optimized visualizations and user interfaces, performance tuning, and writing efficient queries.• We use AWS and other cloud platforms extensively so working knowledge of administration, development, and/or deploying SaaS software into public clouds is a plus.• Experience with open source development, continuous integration (CI), continuous deployment (CD), and software configuration management (SCM) tools (such as Git, Teamcity, Octopus Deploy, Selenium, Jasmine, and MSBuild) a plus.• Bachelor's degree in Computer Science (or related technical field). What do we require from you?• Extremely strong collaboration and communication skills a must.• Ability to handle multiple tasks and deadlines with attention to detail.• High level of flexibility and ability to persevere through periods of significant change and growth in the business environment. ABOUT USWhy Should You Work for eVestment?Global Brand, Cutting Edge Product – The platform we develop is considered the innovation leader and global standard in our industry.Technology & Developers Guide our Company – The founders and leadership team “get” good design, architecture and sleek implementation. Work with Smart People – Our senior development staff has an average of 10+ years of experience. They graduated from some of the top technology schools such as Stanford, Georgia Tech, Purdue, Penn State and Vanderbilt. Opportunity for Personal Growth & Advancement – We have separate educational funds just for you to grow yourself technologically through classes that you wish to take to enhance your skills. These reasons too:• Fun, Smart, & Collaborative Environment• Difficult Problems to Solve, constantly pushing the boundaries of what is possible with cutting-edge technologies• We’re a multi-year placement on the Atlanta Journal & Constitution “Top Atlanta Workplaces” list and on the Inc. 500/5000 lists since 2007• All Employees are Treated with Dignity & Respect• Wear Shorts & Flip Flops to Work• Catered Lunches every Wednesday• Gym membership
The Team  Cisco Collaboration Technology Group is looking for talented software developers to join us in providing the revolutionary, intuitive and delightful experiences to address enterprise and SMB collaboration needs, on mobile, desktop and hardware endpoints. As part of the Cloud Applications team, you would be responsible for building servers in the next generation of Cisco Collaboration cloud. If you have experiences of the latest web server technologies and have passion to build the scalable and reliable cloud software, we like to talk to you!  Role & Responsibilities You will work within an agile development environment with other developers to design, develop and deliver world-class software solutions.You will build efficient and reusable services that can scale to support large numbers of users.You will be disciplined with Test Driven Development, Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery to production.You will contribute to continuously improve the development process.You are a motivated self-starter who is highly results driven, takes enormous pride in your work & demonstrates a high degree of enthusiasm for engineering excellence & ongoing self developmentMinimum QualificationsTrack record of building and deploying large-scale distributed systemsExtensive programming experience in one of Object Oriented programming languages Java or C++Extensive experience of using and/or designing RESTful APIs, SpringModerate experience with multiple scripting languages such as Python, Perl, Bash, RubyGood working and applied knowledge of networking protocols including TCP and UDP.Good working knowledge of cloud security and web security.Good experience programming multithreaded systems.Good experience of working with NoSQL database such as CassandraWorking knowledge of Agile Development or an enthusiasm and passion to learnDesired SkillsBS or MS degree in Computer Science OR equivalent years of relevant work experience.Minimum of 5 years of applicable work experienceA proven ability to learn and adapt to new, complex development environments with deep dive analytical skillsA passion for being connected anywhere and any deviceLI-MW1ADD FRENCH TRANSLATIONNo
 Overview  Are you a talented developer who is looking for a new challenge? In this role, you will work closely with a team of dynamic and passionate engineers across diverse technologies. You will design and implement software to work with CAD, ArcGIS Online, and ArcGIS Enterprise for ArcGIS.Responsibilities:Design and implement web communication solutions in Esri CAD productsArchitect desktop solutions using .NET, WPF, and C#, writing scalable, reusable, and maintainable codeDesign and develop stable software that includes automated test validationWork closely with other programmers and product engineers to develop robust software components, integrating the software for our usersDiagnose and fix software problemsSolve and articulate complex problems through application design, development, and exemplary user experiencesRequirementsStrong understanding of communication and web-based security protocols1+ years as a software developer having experience with .NET and C# programming1+ years of C/C++ programmingExperience with web protocols and formats such as REST and JSONDesire and ability to research, design, author, test, debug, and profile source codeExcellent teamwork and communication skillsBachelor’s or master’s in computer science, engineering, or a related field, depending on position levelRecommended Qualifications:Familiarity with CAD and Esri ArcGIS or other web mapping technologiesExperience with application scripting languages (e.g., Python, JavaScript)User interface experience with WPFKnowledge of Agile development methodologies and test-driven development processes#LI-CK1 The Company  Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Software Developer, IBM Corporation, Durham, NC: Act as lead software developer for consensus and ordering algorithms for the Blockchain platform. Design and architect ordering service for the platform with support for multiple consensus algorithms. Perform hands-on coding and implementation of critical algorithms and sub-systems. Work within the open source community to gather requirements and drive adoption of the technology. Produce white papers to demonstrate leadership and innovation.  Work in the Industry Services Platform group, with focus on Blockchain offerings. Design and implement atomic broadcast service required by the Blockchain network. Maintain Fabric, the open source. Review code for project submission. Utilize: Go; Blockchain; BFT protocols; Apache Kafka; Apache ZooKeeper; Docker; and Git.  Required: Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Engineering or related (employer will accept a Bachelor's degree plus five (5) years of progressive experience in lieu of a Master's degree) and six (6) months of experience as a Research Assistant, Technology Intern, or related. Six (6) months of experience must include utilizing Go; Blockchain; BFT protocols; Apache Kafka; Apache ZooKeeper; Docker; and Git.recblid y56kmo11pzuezmf5td36sk0xje3dvz 
Do YOU have a passion for working with Data? Do you love working in machine learning, real-time analytics, or Big Data? Interested in learning and utilizing different technologies without limitation? We are looking for a Data Expert that will help our clients evaluate and implement big data and advanced analytics solutions in the Cloud and on-premise. At Clarity Insights, we specialize in providing Data & Analytics expertise that result in real and measurable business outcomes. We are passionate about data, problem solving and driving value to make a difference with our clients.Clarity Insights is the largest independent professional services firm focused exclusively on data analytics solutions. Our Data Visualization Practice is expanding and looking to develop in multiple US Regions. Claritys Delivery Practices have one vision: to drive better business outcomes through data and analytics. We provide data analytics advisory consulting services. We believe that nothing sells like great delivery, and are committed to our people and client delivery excellence. With continuing, aggressive growth plans for the next five years, Clarity is seeking outstanding data analytics leaders to successfully qualify, propose, close and lead client solution delivery.Clarity Insights is in search of a Teradata Developer who will be responsible for the development of analytic solutions on an Enterprise Data warehouse (EDW). We offer challenging opportunities and the ability to be part of a team that is bringing the next generation of analytics.Responsibilities Responsible for programming and software development using various languages, tools, and frameworks.Responsible for collaborating with the business develop requirements and translating requirements into a technical solutionAnalyze and defines tasks, data flows, and dependenciesResponsible for identifying and communicating design and scope issues to the stakeholdersConduct design reviews and oversee QA functions for the information delivery applications, including ensuring that system and integration test plans are developed and executedCreate other technical deliverable artifacts needed for project implementationDevelop and delivers knowledge transfer to the clientLead and mentor a team of developers Basic Qualifications Bachelors Degree & 6+ years of experience requiredWorking knowledge of tools like Teradata Utilities, Bteq, Mload, Fload, Tpump, Advanced SQL, Viewpoint, Informatica, etc.Hands-on experience in delivery of Data & Analytics applications involving structured and un-structured data on the Teradata platform (ETL, ELT) is essential.Demonstrated competency in all phases of business intelligence and multi-terabyte data warehousing projects, from inception to production deployment.Experience leading small team of onshore developers and providing mentorship is requiredExcellent client interaction, problem solving & communication skillsExperience working in an agile environment is requiredExperience working with relational databases (Oracle, SQL Server, Netezza, Teradata) is requiredStrong experience writing complex SQL is strongly preferredTravel to the client on a weekly basis is required. Normal weekly schedule is M-TH travel to client location (U.S. based)MUST BE BASED IN CHARLOTTE OR CHICAGOWhy Clarity Insights, Why Consulting and Why Now?We dont try to be everything to everybody all the time. We specialize in Data & Analytics and will remain a platform and tool agnostic company so you can grow technically throughout your career. We strive to be 100% technical and 100% business with strategy because we dont hire non-communicative robots who have a one size fits all approach. We often could speak to a CFO or Head of Underwriting about a business or finance problem, and based on the need for real-time and affordable scalability, we can outline in terms they can understand why they should think about a cloud solution for big data and analytics. If we step across to the DevOps lab, we can easily pick up on a conversation about Apache committers, OSF, full stack development, microservices, containers and much more. Were not trying to boil the ocean. We want to grow from 400 people to 1700 people in 4 years to take the market an accessible set of consulting skills. We have a lot of fun together. Most people join here and stay here for the people. That said, we are popular so we do rack up some travel miles. I have a million things to share about why that may change and why that must stay the same for now, but heres a suggestion if you LOVE Cloud Computing for Big Data and/or Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning, etc we should talk.Clarity Solution Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity.#GLDR
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
Position Title: Software Developer/AnalystDepartment: Information SystemsTitle of Manager: SQL/Developer Analyst SupervisorSupervises: Non-supervisory positionEmployment Status: Regular - ExemptRequisition: 10421General Statement of Duties Design, develop and maintain customized business applications and data processes. Act as project leader on complex system development projects. Lead the analysis of business and health information requirements. Coordinate the implementation of databases to meet CareOregon’s needs. Perform duties within a multi-function, cross-division, or mission critical environment. Use SQL Server, Visual Studio.NET and other development tools. Work closely with users. Assist in developing a long-term plan for Information Systems. Essential Position FunctionsPerform systems analysisDevelop functional requirementsDevelop application systems using a variety of software development tools including TSQL, SQL Server Integration Services, Visual Studio.Net and othersMaintain and enhance existing systemsProvide technical support to CareOregon staffDevelop technical documentation for systemsAct as project manager on some projects §Participate in long-term systems architecture planning Essential Department and Organizational FunctionsProvide coaching and training on specific job responsibilitiesPerform other duties and projects as assignedKnowledge, skills and abilities requiredAdvanced programming skills, preferably in Transact SQL, SQL Server Integration Services, Visual Studio.NET (ASP.NET, C#), BiztalkAdvanced knowledge of systems analysisDatabase design experienceSoftware engineering skills and knowledgeThorough knowledge of system development methodologiesExcellent customer service skillsExcellent written and verbal communication skillsAbility to work in an environment with diverse individuals and groupsAbility to manage multiple tasksKnowledge of the basic concepts of Managed CareEducation and/or Experience Experience leading complex system projects preferred. Bachelor’s degree in a related field; a minimum of six years experience in the analysis, design, coding and testing of integrated computer systems; or any work experience and/or training that would likely provide the ability to perform the essential functions of the position. Working Conditions This position has chronic deadline pressure. The person in this position will be required to consistently handle multiple projects. The person in this position must be highly disciplined, self-motivated and able to make sound judgments as to how to prioritize work assignments. Continuous learning required as new releases of development tools require retraining. As an exempt position the working hours vary. Some weekend and evening work will be expected.  The person in this position will be expected to possess a high degree of initiative and motivation along with the ability to effectively collaborate and plan with coworkers and others.Equipment Used Computers and other standard office equipment for recording, storing and presenting information. Equal opportunity employer. This company considers all candidates regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status. Veterans welcome to apply
Summary of Job Title: A Software Engineer II develops and maintains software products to satisfy business requirements. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Develops code to meet business requirements Works with mentors/team leads/ etc. to fully understand the features that are unclear in the specifications Provides accurate levels of effort (LOE) to team supervisor and project managers and able to communicate when the level of effort has changed. Analyzes defects discovered by Quality Assurance or escalated by the business and provides solutions in a timely manner. Resolves defects in the software and/or database. Understands thoroughly the applications and areas of the software for which they are responsible. Work effectively as a team player to accomplish team and/or company goals. Capable of working autonomously to accomplish team and/or company goals. Creativity and latitude are expected. Follows all departmental and company policies.Qualifications: Extensive Knowledge of C# Proficient in JavaScript Working Knowledge of MS SQL Server Proficient in T-SQL and can demonstrate a working knowledge of commonly used relational data models (link tables, master-detail relationships, etc.) Extensive knowledge of Object Oriented Design and Programming. Expertise in using debugging tools to analyze software defects and impacts of changes. Familiarity with version control systems: Possess clear understanding of SDLC and other industry standard development practices. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Outstanding analytical and troubleshooting skills.PREFERRED EXPERIENCE Experience with ASP.NET MVC Framework Knowledge of network administration and domains Knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices and procedures in the medical industryEducation and/or Experience or both: Bachelor’s degree in CS or MIS or equivalent in experience is required. 4+ years developing C# ASP.Net web applications and services is required. 4+ years of experience developing enterprise software is required.
Appian Software Developer Software Developer (Appian)  IEM is looking for Software Developers experienced to create, present, and implement technical solutions in the Appian (Platform as a Service (PaaS)) environment. As a Software Developer working on the Appian platform, you will ensure that the applications are always fast, scalable, and up to whatever tasks our DoD, DHS, and State/Local Agency customers configure it to do. IEM Software Developers will be solving problems of scale and flexibility that most engineers never see, building solutions capable of serving our customers. IEM Software Developers in Appian perform in a scope that extends from the high-performance data layer to the cross-platform user interface. This position requires the mental agility to jump from the deep code-level view of Appian, to the designer�s view, to the end user�s view, and back again. Responsibilities: IEM Software Developers in Appian design and develop systems that allow our customers to build enterprise applications for mobile and the web in both cloud and on premise solutions. An IEM Software Developer in Appian should have experience with enterprise-level software development programs. This position typically will conduct (but is not limited to) the following activities:  Master the advanced technologies we use to build secure software, Utilize your knowledge of Appian software to design new features and implement improvements to existing features. Design features of increasing sophistication in small, tightly integrated, and highly-skilled agile teams. Develop new user-oriented features and engineer complex enterprise-level systems. Manage availability, latency, scalability, and efficiency of Appian by engineering reliability into software and systems. Design and implement solutions with Appian software and provide demonstrations to clients Independently communicate with both client technical teams and business owners as needed during the design and implementation Supervise, mentor and develop junior developers on application development and implementation methodologies. Respond to and resolve emergent problems; write software and build automation to prevent problem recurrence.Requirements: Must be able to work with clients to define business processes and gather functional system requirements. 2 years� experience with Appian software, and working knowledge in one of the following technologies: a ERP, CRM, BPM/Workflow, Data Integration Architecture or EAI B.S. or MS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering preferred, other related technical disciplines considered in addition to 4+ years of experience Fluency in Java, C++, and familiarity with git and Shell Experiences building web-based J2EE apps preferred. Certification as an Appian Developer preferred. Ability to qualify for US Federal security clearance (DHS Public Trust or DoD SECRET) Familiar with Modern Responsive Web Applications, Mobile-First Solutions, Composite applications, etc. Expertise with software coding in at least one of the following: Java, JavaScript, .Net or other programming language. Experience in working on cross-functional teams building products using agile methodologies. Excellent communication skills; familiarity with MS Office Product Suite (Word / Excel / Power Point). �Public Trust CLEARANCE REQUIRED IEM is an Equal Opportunity Employer including Vets and DisabledWe are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.START YOUR APPLICATION© 2017 IEM, Inc  Applicant Tracking System Powered by
Primary Responsibilities Provides the technical design of software applications Creating or updating software documentation to reflect current application architectureParticipate in code reviews as neededUpdating existing software applications to meet changes and enhancements in user storiesUnit testing, validating and documenting all new applications including new versions of existing applications using appropriate validation protocol, testing techniques and documentation methods Provides technical support and guidance to all internal and external application users by Answering questions regarding application design and functionalityAssisting Application Support Personnel in troubleshooting (level III)Supporting and ensuring application functionality including database integrity, data loading, data quality assurance and data exportSecondary Responsibilities Maintains Quality Service and Departmental Standards by Reading, understanding and adhering to organizational Standard Operating Procedures (“SOP”)Assisting in establishing and enforcing departmental standards Contributes to team effort by Working with internal staff to resolve issuesExploring new opportunities to add value to organization and departmental processesHelping others to achieve resultsPerforming other duties as assigned Maintains Technical and Industry Knowledge by Attending and participating in applicable company-sponsored trainingMaintaining a strong understanding of software development trends and technologyMaintaining a strong understanding of the regulatory requirements applicable to applications development in clinical trialsQualifications:Education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field preferred  Coursework in software development and major programming languages preferred  Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer or Sun Certified Java Developer desired Experience: 1+ years’ experience in software development using a commercial programming language such as Java, Visual Basic, C++, or .Net  Worked as a member of an Agile software deliver team  Demonstrated understanding of the development and QA process  Experience working with clinical trials and/or within pharmaceutical environment a plus  Proven problem-solving abilities Additional skill set: Strong motivational skills and abilities – promoting a team based approach  Strong interpersonal and communication skills, both verbal and written  Strong organizational and leadership skills  Goal oriented  Ability to maintain professional and positive attitude Working conditions: Travel: 0-10%  Lifting: 0-10 lbs  Other: Computer work for long periods of time  EEO Statement  Bioclinica is an equal opportunity employer. Bioclinica evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, disability/handicap status or any other legally protected characteristic  This position description should not be deemed all inclusive. Additional requirements and expectations may be assigned. At all times, employees are expected to adhere to company policies and company SOPs.
 Overview  Are you eager to use your problem-solving abilities and passion for advancing software quality through integration testing and automation to fulfill the requirements of the Esri user community? This is an exciting opportunity to contribute to designing and building the next generation of ArcGIS Enterprise. In this position, you’ll be a key member of our ArcGIS Enterprise software development team, meeting user requirements and assuring the quality of the newly-built software functions including geoanalytics, distributed collaboration, and recommendation engine. Responsibilities:Collaborate with developers and product engineers on the team to design the integration tests for a functionDevelop the integration tests in Java/Python/SoapUIDeploy and schedule integration tests to run daily and share status in an easy to understand mannerManage the suite of integration tests; refactor and re-engineer them as neededManaging the integration test framework and dashboardsDrive best practices for test driven developmentRequirementsPassionate about writing tests and breaking software2+ years of experience with testing frameworks such as Junit/PyUnit/SoapUI2+ years of xperience with automation and deployment tools such as Jenkins, Chef2+ years of experience with web services and web API development in REST and SOAPAbility to translate software functions into testsTechnical background in web technologiesStrong problem-solving and analytical skillsExcellent written and verbal communication skills, including presentation skillsEffective time management and organizational skillsPassion and ability to make a differenceRecommended Qualifications:Demonstrated experience automating software tests, including low-level (non-UI) testsExperience selecting/developing an automation frameworkExperience using SQL for test setup and validationFamiliarity with system and web server administrationProven development skills in Java, Python, and other scripting languagesFamiliarity with JavaScript and other presentation tier frameworks to build status dashboards#LI-CK1 The Company  Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Who We Are: Mission focused and results oriented! Social Solutions’ main purpose and software solution (SaaS) helps some of the most vulnerable human beings in our society. Our software for Nonprofits allows them to spend less time on compliance and funder reporting and more time on ensuring the effectiveness of their service programs for the people who rely on them. Since our software was designed by direct service workers for direct service providers, it also helps them to demonstrate impact to stakeholders. Our team is comprised of super talented people who want to be a part of an exciting high growth company and help transform lives. Who You Are: Social Solutions is seeking a smart and motivated LAMP Software Engineer who’s eager to learn and to make the world a better place. The ideal candidate is someone who is comfortable working within a large and complex Zend PHP-based Codebase, gets satisfaction from knowing they did things the right way, even if it was harder, has a passion for exceeding the user’s expectations, and can mentor Junior Members of the Software Development Team. Job Responsibilities: Follow established departmental SDLC policies and procedures (ie: Agile/SCRUM, Rally Workflow.) Develop web backend infrastructure, utilize applications to ensure technical performance, and assess new technologies to fit Social Solutions' needs. Provide professional and high level technical expertise to all aspects of the SDLC. Develop web front-end infrastructure, utilize applications to ensure technical performance, and assess new technologies to fit Social Solutions’ needs. Maintain up-to-date knowledge of new technologies and their applicability to Company products. Interface with customers to manage and resolve elevated technical issues.Job Requirements Bachelor’s Degree or Diploma in Computer Science or Computer Programming, or equivalent experience. Experience creating enterprise level software. Strong analytical thinking and problem-solving skills. Strong written communication skills, including documentation. Ability to work independently.Technical Expertise At least 3 years hands-on of engineering/programming work experience with Linux, Apache, MySQL & PHP (LAMP) including:  Using Model/View/Controller (MVC) design patterns Object-oriented design and programming Use of PHP Code Frameworks such as Zend Experience with SQL Queries using MySQL Two or more years of working HTML 5.0 and CSS 3.0 Development Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as JQuery, React, Angular, etc. Single sign-on and standard authentication protocols (LDAP, SAML) Web Services (SOAP, Rest) MySQL Database Optimization (Percona) SQL Query Creation and OptimizationDesired Experience Data security and encryption. NodeJS (Restify, Sails, Express) Frameworks. AngularJS. Subversion or GIT Code Management. Additional duties and responsibilities assigned as needs arise.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.#DI
 What you will do in this role: Design, implement, and deploy web-based software.Develop a UI/UX that is intuitive, creative, and meets business requirements.Contribute to architectural discussions and foster new ideas in back-end development.Develop and collaborate on distributed microservices at an enterprise levelEnsure that high quality code is delivered by means of unit testing and peer reviews.Collaborate with team members to solve problems and to achieve project goals.Keep project documentation up to date.Contribute to the learning environment by exploring new technology and sharing the knowledge with the team. To be successful in this role you will have: A technology degree, vocational training, or relevant experience.Knowledge of software development concepts, methodologies, and practices.Experience with a backend scripting environment such as Node or Python.A willingness to experiment with new frameworks and technologies.The ability to work in a collaborative environment.Strong verbal and written communication skills.The ideal candidate would also have:Experience working with ECMAScript 6+ and Transpilers.Knowledge of client side frameworks such as Angular, React, or Vue.Experience building responsive UI’s with CSS, Sass or other tools.Working familiarity with api development.Experience with messaging protocols such as AMQP or MQTT.Understanding of cross-browser and cross-platform compatibility.Experience with database systems (MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.) Since 2001, DSI has been a leader and advisor to both Fortune 500 companies and smaller specialized firms. Decision Source developers don’t churn out the same code year over year. We offer a collaborative environment where you will work with teams of passionate people on interesting and complex projects. We value diversity and creativity from both a personal and technical standpoint ensuring we have a wide range of skills and talent. Our goal is to invest in our people so they can realize their potential.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
Who are we? Raybeam Inc. is a software engineering and consulting company focused on strategic consulting, business intelligence, and online/database marketing for the past fifteen years. We have offices near Boston and San Francisco and support a strong list of clients including Google, Facebook, Microsoft, eBay, One Kings Lane, Disney and Beachbody. What do we do? We provide technology solutions by architecting and developing enterprise systems using a variety of programming languages, tools and platforms. This can range from building data warehouses, to web applications to implementing reporting platforms. We work in small teams, own the projects that we work on, and have direct input into the business decisions of our clients. What are we looking for? We are looking for a Front-End Web Developer who is motivated to combine the art of design with the art of programming. You will work with various other team members and clients to facilitate graphical design and technical implementation, taking an active role on both sides, defining how the application looks as well as how it works. Flexibility, creativity, and speed are highly desirable qualities as we move fast on small teams with a variety of technologies. Responsibilities will include creation of functional mockups (working HTML, CSS, and Javascript) based on specification documents for review and feedback. Rapid iteration upon mockups based upon given feedback and/or pivots in approach. Turning functional mockups into viable markup partials that can be incorporated into applications of various technology stacks (Rails, Django, App Engine, Ferris). Creating or recommending javascript libraries/plugins/snippet for various desired web functionalities (i.e. a modular visualization in D3, a type ahead input, etc.). Ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines. Skills Needed:Proficient understanding and creation of web markup (HTML5, CSS)Proficient understanding and utilization of client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks (jQuery, D3, etc.Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.Proficient understanding of code versioning tools (Git, Mercurial, SVN)Good understanding of UI/UXGood understanding of server side MVC frameworks (Rails, Django, etc..)Good understanding of advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks (AngularJS, React, Polymer, etc.)Basic knowledge of image authoring tools, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. Familiarity with tools such as as Gimp or Photoshop is a plusWhat we’d like to see in you:Excellent communication skills - Be able to explain what you are doing and why to your teammates and to the client.Adaptability – You need to work with new technologies or deal with challenging situations.Problem Solving – You need to solve problems under pressure and adapt to new situations.We have fantastic benefits including competitive pay, fully paid health insurance (including vision), free daily lunch, 401k contribution, long term disability insurance, flexible schedule, annual company outing, generous vacation/sick time, holidays and more!If you are interested in applying for the position please click on the link below to take a short quiz. http://careerseval.raybeam.com/sign_in  Please note that Raybeam, Inc. is currently unable to provide sponsorship.
Overview:We are currently seeking a talented and passionate Mid- Level Application Developer to join our innovative and close-knit Product Engineering team. Listrak's Application Developers work together to architect and develop new Listrak features while maintaining the stability and sustainability of the Listrak product and solutions. In addition to developer responsibilities, this position will be responsible for in-depth troubleshooting and resolution of performance and stability issues in the production environment. Employee will consult with product owner and other team members to ensure applications are developed according to specifications in a Scrum environment. Responsibilities:Architect and develop new Listrak features and enhancementsAuthor and maintain clean, consistent, and elegant code to create scalable and reliable systemsResearch emerging technologies and make recommendations to the development teamAnalyze, troubleshoot, and resolve production system issues and defectsProvide production support for the Listrak application and its subsystemsConstantly improve SCRUM task estimation accuracy / completion of tasksRegular status updates to all assigned sprint tasks in daily stand-up meetings and maintain Scrum task progression in TFS on a daily basisQualifications:Advanced Knowledge: Microsoft .NET framework, C#, VB.NET, ASP.NET, jQuery, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, XML as well as testing these technologiesBachelors Degree in Computer Science or related work experienceProficient with MS SQL ServerExcellent analytical/organizational and decision making skillsAbility to understand and embrace our business strategyUnderstanding of Agile Development Methodology (Scrum)Experience with Visual Studio / TFS / Git or similar version control system4+ years professional development experienceWorking knowledge of Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, HDFS, HBase, Oozie, Impala, MongoDB or similar technologies a plus
Position Summary: The Software Development Manager is responsible for leading and growing a team of platform engineers. This position is responsible for collaborating with QA and Product Management to deliver new products and functionality in a timely fashion. You will also be responsible for recommending strategies for complex technical problems, assisting in application architecture, production support and troubleshooting, and mentoring team members on the EVO Snap* applications. Essential Job Functions: • Develop code and documentation for a variety of difficult software projects, and design and implement bug fixes.  • Design a variety of difficult software projects.  • Develop software specifications for the manufacture of cutting-edge surfacing equipment.  • Developing control systems and interfaces in the software for hardware sub-systems  • Implementation of industrial device control protocols.  • Automation of material movement inside the equipment using robotics.  • Interface with internal customers for requirements analysis and schedule.  • Troubleshoot a variety of difficult software problems. Perform software tests on code and enhancements.  • Interface with external customers regarding software issues.  • Compile data for regularly scheduled or special reports, analysis and statements. Supervisory Responsibilities • Responsible for the overall direction, coordination, and evaluation of the Snap* Platform team.  • Define, apply, promote, and manage/track departmental standards for software and machine control architectures, coding styles, source control, peer code review, and agile development principles.  • Carry out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems.  • Perform related projects and duties as assigned Minimum Position Requirements: • B.S. in computer-related field or equivalent experience  • 10+ years of C# .Net development experience  • Ability to architect software solutions from the ground up per Marketing and Product-related specifications.  • Ability to work within and leverage existing architectures and standards.  • Exceptional knowledge in Computer Science fundamentals data structures, algorithms, operating system concepts.  • Exceptional programming skills including experience using C# and source code control. Experience with WCF and web services is preferred.  • Ability and willingness to get in-depth understanding of existing products and apply that knowledge to develop new products and to deliver enhancements/fixes for customer requirements.  • Excellent problem-solving skills and troubleshooting skills.  • Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) and the ability to interact with multi-disciplinary teams.  • Excellent organizational skills  • Ability to maintain confidentiality  • Must be able to pass background and credit checks
We are looking for Software Development Manager who is passionate about technology, innovation and people development and help plan and drive A2C transition from a home-grown service application to a cloud application. This position will lead a team responsible for the application development and support of A2C a suite of application TDA Investor Services associates use to service our clients. They will help drive the standards and practices that ensure high-quality software while passionately providing much-needed real-time service functionality for our Investor Service associate. This role will be a blend of hands-on technical skills and people management and leadership soft-skills. The position will be responsible for diving deep into the system when the need arises. It will also be responsible for proactively developing the careers and competencies of the application development team. The Software Development Manager works to deliver project results and value to the business and its clients. The Software Development Manager needs to have knowledge and working experience of all phases of software development life cycle. The position Reports to Sr. Manager or Director. Ensure project teams are staffed with appropriate resources at the time of inceptionEvaluate developer performance on a quarterly basis and recommend training where requiredProactively engage the team on establishing goals and career developmentDevelop and foster technical leadership within the teamWork with Architecture, Engineering, QA & Architecture teams to ensure application designs conform to accepted standardsOversee the support and development activities related to the development of one or more internal systemsEstablish a team road map with Product Management and motivate the team for timely delivery of projects/featuresDevelop subject matter expertise for the technology and domainPartner with QA, Architecture, Engineering and Product Management groups on all development activitiesEstablish and track metrics related to key performance objectives and service levelsStay current with technology and industry best practices to ensure that skill set/knowledge base remains broad and currentDevelop, implement and enforce best practices and operating standards and procedural improvementsIdentify and escalate potential concerns related to project initiatives and recommend viable solutionsEnsure compliance with established industry rules, regulations TD AMERITRADE policies/procedures and best practicesWork to drive the team in the TDA agile transformation journey.4 year college degree5+ years contributing or leading an IT team in a fast-paced application development agile environmentApplication Development management experience is a plus, but not necessary as long as the candidate can demonstrate prior leadership experience and is passionate about leader a team and develop talents.Must have prior experience as a Java & Web software developer dealing with concurrency, Java garbage collection, and messagingMust have Java & Angular knowledge and working experience.Experience in building and consuming RESTFUL service a plus.Experience in CRM (Customer Relationship Management) application a plus.Prior experience with phone system integration and low-latency distributed systems preferredMilitary education or experience may be considered in lieu of requirements above
 Every second a plane takes off with UTC Aerospace Systems equipment onboard. From space exploration and defense to todays more electric, more intelligent, more integrated aircraft our systems make modern flight possible. And by make it possible, we mean: we start it, power it, control it, ventilate it, quiet it, land it, stop it and monitor it. We have more than 41,000 employees across 150 countries working at the forefront of technological innovation. Thanks to their efforts, our global reach and our market-leading position, we do big things no one else can do.  Do you want to be part of a new, exciting initiative to combine foundational IT with new digital technologies? Our IT team is leading UTC Aerospace Systems to empower digITal. With this initiative, the team is leveraging technology to make our internal work environment more efficient, productive and seamless. For our customers, were working to make aircraft more electric, intelligent and integrated. If youre an agile thinker who enjoys utilizing modern technology to make big improvements, then youre a perfect fit for this team. Join UTC Aerospace Systems and help us to empower digITal today! Job Description: As part of the Intelligent Aircraft - Digital Initiatives team, you'll help drive digital transformation by creating Big Data solutions using the latest web, cloud, data analytics and Internet of Things technologies. Our team leverages these tools to create a predictive analytics platform enabling transformative change to our aerospace customers.  In the Software Developer role, youll be a key contributor to the growth of these solutions. Experience in C#, AngularJS,  cloud PaaS and IaaS platforms, as well as structured and semi-structured data stores is required. Large scale, enterprise software development experience is also key to success in this role.  You will report to the Associate Director of Intelligent Aircraft - Digital Initiatives, and can be located in either Charlotte, NC or Windsor Locks, CT. Principal Responsibilities:Work with senior developers and architects to develop enterprise Big Data solutions.Develop algorithms to process streaming data into measurable analytic results.Rapidly develop prototypes for Proof of Concept or fail fast validation.Work with Business Analysts and Project Managers to translate business needs into stories and tasks.Accurately estimate project tasks and timelines.Assist in the creation of best practices and development standards.Stay current on the latest Big Data, cloud, IoT, analytic trends and technologies.Qualification:Experience/Skills Required:3+ years C#2+ years MVC framework2+ years structured or semi-structured data stores (SQL, NoSQL, Cosmos DB)1+ years Angular or ReactJS frameworks1+ years Cloud technologiesStrong analytical and problem solving skillsPreferred:PythonAnalytics platforms such as Hadoop, Spark, DatabricksAgile project methodologiesBasic server administrationBasic network administrationEducation:Education: BA/BS degree w/6 - 10+ years overall IT experience  MA/MS degree w/4 - 7+ years overall IT experience  United Technologies Corporation is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.
ABOUT THE ROLEOK, so what will you be doing?• Contribute to development team responsible for implementation of web, JavaScript, and service applications using the .Net Framework, rich JavaScript Application Frameworks, Redis, Elasticsearch, and SQL Server technologies.• Creation of amazing user-experiences with the very latest front-end technologies.• Collaborate with business stakeholders and technology team members to add enhancements and new products in a fast growing software-as-a-service (SaaS) business.• Design and create simple, maintainable code and comprehensive automated tests.• Responsible for timely development and delivery of high-quality software in an Agile Scrum based environment. ABOUT YOUWhat will you need to succeed?• A desire to learn and continually grow and expand your technical skills.• Solid work experience as a Software Developer, specifically with C#/Java and JavaScript in a SaaS platform environment. Our ideal candidate loves to code and is looking for a job where they will get to practice and improve their coding skills every day.• Experience building and tuning high-performance web user interfaces. We use and have provided training on HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ext JS, jQuery, REST-ful APIs, and MVC.• Practical, hands-on experience with pattern-driven and Object-Oriented software analysis, design, and implementation.• Solid experience designing, developing, and tuning application SQL.• Experience using Elasticsearch real-time search and analytics a plus.• Experience developing software for big data, including optimized visualizations and user interfaces, performance tuning, and writing efficient queries.• We use AWS and other cloud platforms extensively so working knowledge of administration, development, and/or deploying SaaS software into public clouds is a plus.• Experience with open source development, continuous integration (CI), continuous deployment (CD), and software configuration management (SCM) tools (such as Git, Teamcity, Octopus Deploy, Selenium, Jasmine, and MSBuild) a plus.• Bachelor's degree in Computer Science (or related technical field). What do we require from you?• Extremely strong collaboration and communication skills a must.• Ability to handle multiple tasks and deadlines with attention to detail.• High level of flexibility and ability to persevere through periods of significant change and growth in the business environment. ABOUT USWhy Should You Work for eVestment?Global Brand, Cutting Edge Product – The platform we develop is considered the innovation leader and global standard in our industry.Technology & Developers Guide our Company – The founders and leadership team “get” good design, architecture and sleek implementation. Work with Smart People – Our senior development staff has an average of 10+ years of experience. They graduated from some of the top technology schools such as Stanford, Georgia Tech, Purdue, Penn State and Vanderbilt. Opportunity for Personal Growth & Advancement – We have separate educational funds just for you to grow yourself technologically through classes that you wish to take to enhance your skills. These reasons too:• Fun, Smart, & Collaborative Environment• Difficult Problems to Solve, constantly pushing the boundaries of what is possible with cutting-edge technologies• We’re a multi-year placement on the Atlanta Journal & Constitution “Top Atlanta Workplaces” list and on the Inc. 500/5000 lists since 2007• All Employees are Treated with Dignity & Respect• Wear Shorts & Flip Flops to Work• Catered Lunches every Wednesday• Gym membership
 Overview  Are you a talented developer who is looking for a new challenge? In this role, you will work closely with a team of dynamic and passionate engineers across diverse technologies. You will design and implement software to work with CAD, ArcGIS Online, and ArcGIS Enterprise for ArcGIS.Responsibilities:Design and implement web communication solutions in Esri CAD productsArchitect desktop solutions using .NET, WPF, and C#, writing scalable, reusable, and maintainable codeDesign and develop stable software that includes automated test validationWork closely with other programmers and product engineers to develop robust software components, integrating the software for our usersDiagnose and fix software problemsSolve and articulate complex problems through application design, development, and exemplary user experiencesRequirementsStrong understanding of communication and web-based security protocols1+ years as a software developer having experience with .NET and C# programming1+ years of C/C++ programmingExperience with web protocols and formats such as REST and JSONDesire and ability to research, design, author, test, debug, and profile source codeExcellent teamwork and communication skillsBachelor’s or master’s in computer science, engineering, or a related field, depending on position levelRecommended Qualifications:Familiarity with CAD and Esri ArcGIS or other web mapping technologiesExperience with application scripting languages (e.g., Python, JavaScript)User interface experience with WPFKnowledge of Agile development methodologies and test-driven development processes#LI-CK1 The Company  Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Do YOU have a passion for working with Data? Do you love working in machine learning, real-time analytics, or Big Data? Interested in learning and utilizing different technologies without limitation? We are looking for a Data Expert that will help our clients evaluate and implement big data and advanced analytics solutions in the Cloud and on-premise. At Clarity Insights, we specialize in providing Data & Analytics expertise that result in real and measurable business outcomes. We are passionate about data, problem solving and driving value to make a difference with our clients.Clarity Insights is the largest independent professional services firm focused exclusively on data analytics solutions. Our Data Visualization Practice is expanding and looking to develop in multiple US Regions. Claritys Delivery Practices have one vision: to drive better business outcomes through data and analytics. We provide data analytics advisory consulting services. We believe that nothing sells like great delivery, and are committed to our people and client delivery excellence. With continuing, aggressive growth plans for the next five years, Clarity is seeking outstanding data analytics leaders to successfully qualify, propose, close and lead client solution delivery.Clarity Insights is in search of a Teradata Developer who will be responsible for the development of analytic solutions on an Enterprise Data warehouse (EDW). We offer challenging opportunities and the ability to be part of a team that is bringing the next generation of analytics.Responsibilities Responsible for programming and software development using various languages, tools, and frameworks.Responsible for collaborating with the business develop requirements and translating requirements into a technical solutionAnalyze and defines tasks, data flows, and dependenciesResponsible for identifying and communicating design and scope issues to the stakeholdersConduct design reviews and oversee QA functions for the information delivery applications, including ensuring that system and integration test plans are developed and executedCreate other technical deliverable artifacts needed for project implementationDevelop and delivers knowledge transfer to the clientLead and mentor a team of developers Basic Qualifications Bachelors Degree & 6+ years of experience requiredWorking knowledge of tools like Teradata Utilities, Bteq, Mload, Fload, Tpump, Advanced SQL, Viewpoint, Informatica, etc.Hands-on experience in delivery of Data & Analytics applications involving structured and un-structured data on the Teradata platform (ETL, ELT) is essential.Demonstrated competency in all phases of business intelligence and multi-terabyte data warehousing projects, from inception to production deployment.Experience leading small team of onshore developers and providing mentorship is requiredExcellent client interaction, problem solving & communication skillsExperience working in an agile environment is requiredExperience working with relational databases (Oracle, SQL Server, Netezza, Teradata) is requiredStrong experience writing complex SQL is strongly preferredTravel to the client on a weekly basis is required. Normal weekly schedule is M-TH travel to client location (U.S. based)MUST BE BASED IN CHARLOTTE OR CHICAGOWhy Clarity Insights, Why Consulting and Why Now?We dont try to be everything to everybody all the time. We specialize in Data & Analytics and will remain a platform and tool agnostic company so you can grow technically throughout your career. We strive to be 100% technical and 100% business with strategy because we dont hire non-communicative robots who have a one size fits all approach. We often could speak to a CFO or Head of Underwriting about a business or finance problem, and based on the need for real-time and affordable scalability, we can outline in terms they can understand why they should think about a cloud solution for big data and analytics. If we step across to the DevOps lab, we can easily pick up on a conversation about Apache committers, OSF, full stack development, microservices, containers and much more. Were not trying to boil the ocean. We want to grow from 400 people to 1700 people in 4 years to take the market an accessible set of consulting skills. We have a lot of fun together. Most people join here and stay here for the people. That said, we are popular so we do rack up some travel miles. I have a million things to share about why that may change and why that must stay the same for now, but heres a suggestion if you LOVE Cloud Computing for Big Data and/or Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning, etc we should talk.Clarity Solution Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity.#GLDR
Position Title: Software Developer/AnalystDepartment: Information SystemsTitle of Manager: SQL/Developer Analyst SupervisorSupervises: Non-supervisory positionEmployment Status: Regular - ExemptRequisition: 10421General Statement of Duties Design, develop and maintain customized business applications and data processes. Act as project leader on complex system development projects. Lead the analysis of business and health information requirements. Coordinate the implementation of databases to meet CareOregon’s needs. Perform duties within a multi-function, cross-division, or mission critical environment. Use SQL Server, Visual Studio.NET and other development tools. Work closely with users. Assist in developing a long-term plan for Information Systems. Essential Position FunctionsPerform systems analysisDevelop functional requirementsDevelop application systems using a variety of software development tools including TSQL, SQL Server Integration Services, Visual Studio.Net and othersMaintain and enhance existing systemsProvide technical support to CareOregon staffDevelop technical documentation for systemsAct as project manager on some projects §Participate in long-term systems architecture planning Essential Department and Organizational FunctionsProvide coaching and training on specific job responsibilitiesPerform other duties and projects as assignedKnowledge, skills and abilities requiredAdvanced programming skills, preferably in Transact SQL, SQL Server Integration Services, Visual Studio.NET (ASP.NET, C#), BiztalkAdvanced knowledge of systems analysisDatabase design experienceSoftware engineering skills and knowledgeThorough knowledge of system development methodologiesExcellent customer service skillsExcellent written and verbal communication skillsAbility to work in an environment with diverse individuals and groupsAbility to manage multiple tasksKnowledge of the basic concepts of Managed CareEducation and/or Experience Experience leading complex system projects preferred. Bachelor’s degree in a related field; a minimum of six years experience in the analysis, design, coding and testing of integrated computer systems; or any work experience and/or training that would likely provide the ability to perform the essential functions of the position. Working Conditions This position has chronic deadline pressure. The person in this position will be required to consistently handle multiple projects. The person in this position must be highly disciplined, self-motivated and able to make sound judgments as to how to prioritize work assignments. Continuous learning required as new releases of development tools require retraining. As an exempt position the working hours vary. Some weekend and evening work will be expected.  The person in this position will be expected to possess a high degree of initiative and motivation along with the ability to effectively collaborate and plan with coworkers and others.Equipment Used Computers and other standard office equipment for recording, storing and presenting information. Equal opportunity employer. This company considers all candidates regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status. Veterans welcome to apply
Appian Software Developer Software Developer (Appian)  IEM is looking for Software Developers experienced to create, present, and implement technical solutions in the Appian (Platform as a Service (PaaS)) environment. As a Software Developer working on the Appian platform, you will ensure that the applications are always fast, scalable, and up to whatever tasks our DoD, DHS, and State/Local Agency customers configure it to do. IEM Software Developers will be solving problems of scale and flexibility that most engineers never see, building solutions capable of serving our customers. IEM Software Developers in Appian perform in a scope that extends from the high-performance data layer to the cross-platform user interface. This position requires the mental agility to jump from the deep code-level view of Appian, to the designer�s view, to the end user�s view, and back again. Responsibilities: IEM Software Developers in Appian design and develop systems that allow our customers to build enterprise applications for mobile and the web in both cloud and on premise solutions. An IEM Software Developer in Appian should have experience with enterprise-level software development programs. This position typically will conduct (but is not limited to) the following activities:  Master the advanced technologies we use to build secure software, Utilize your knowledge of Appian software to design new features and implement improvements to existing features. Design features of increasing sophistication in small, tightly integrated, and highly-skilled agile teams. Develop new user-oriented features and engineer complex enterprise-level systems. Manage availability, latency, scalability, and efficiency of Appian by engineering reliability into software and systems. Design and implement solutions with Appian software and provide demonstrations to clients Independently communicate with both client technical teams and business owners as needed during the design and implementation Supervise, mentor and develop junior developers on application development and implementation methodologies. Respond to and resolve emergent problems; write software and build automation to prevent problem recurrence.Requirements: Must be able to work with clients to define business processes and gather functional system requirements. 2 years� experience with Appian software, and working knowledge in one of the following technologies: a ERP, CRM, BPM/Workflow, Data Integration Architecture or EAI B.S. or MS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering preferred, other related technical disciplines considered in addition to 4+ years of experience Fluency in Java, C++, and familiarity with git and Shell Experiences building web-based J2EE apps preferred. Certification as an Appian Developer preferred. Ability to qualify for US Federal security clearance (DHS Public Trust or DoD SECRET) Familiar with Modern Responsive Web Applications, Mobile-First Solutions, Composite applications, etc. Expertise with software coding in at least one of the following: Java, JavaScript, .Net or other programming language. Experience in working on cross-functional teams building products using agile methodologies. Excellent communication skills; familiarity with MS Office Product Suite (Word / Excel / Power Point). �Public Trust CLEARANCE REQUIRED IEM is an Equal Opportunity Employer including Vets and DisabledWe are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.START YOUR APPLICATION© 2017 IEM, Inc  Applicant Tracking System Powered by
Do YOU have a passion for working with Data? Do you love working in machine learning, real-time analytics, or Big Data? Interested in learning and utilizing different technologies without limitation? We are looking for a Data Expert that will help our clients evaluate and implement big data and advanced analytics solutions in the Cloud and on-premise. At Clarity Insights, we specialize in providing Data & Analytics expertise that result in real and measurable business outcomes. We are passionate about data, problem solving and driving value to make a difference with our clients.Clarity Insights is the largest independent professional services firm focused exclusively on data analytics solutions. Our Data Visualization Practice is expanding and looking to develop in multiple US Regions. Claritys Delivery Practices have one vision: to drive better business outcomes through data and analytics. We provide data analytics advisory consulting services. We believe that nothing sells like great delivery, and are committed to our people and client delivery excellence. With continuing, aggressive growth plans for the next five years, Clarity is seeking outstanding data analytics leaders to successfully qualify, propose, close and lead client solution delivery.Clarity Insights is in search of a Teradata Developer who will be responsible for the development of analytic solutions on an Enterprise Data warehouse (EDW). We offer challenging opportunities and the ability to be part of a team that is bringing the next generation of analytics.Responsibilities Responsible for programming and software development using various languages, tools, and frameworks.Responsible for collaborating with the business develop requirements and translating requirements into a technical solutionAnalyze and defines tasks, data flows, and dependenciesResponsible for identifying and communicating design and scope issues to the stakeholdersConduct design reviews and oversee QA functions for the information delivery applications, including ensuring that system and integration test plans are developed and executedCreate other technical deliverable artifacts needed for project implementationDevelop and delivers knowledge transfer to the clientLead and mentor a team of developers Basic Qualifications Bachelors Degree & 6+ years of experience requiredWorking knowledge of tools like Teradata Utilities, Bteq, Mload, Fload, Tpump, Advanced SQL, Viewpoint, Informatica, etc.Hands-on experience in delivery of Data & Analytics applications involving structured and un-structured data on the Teradata platform (ETL, ELT) is essential.Demonstrated competency in all phases of business intelligence and multi-terabyte data warehousing projects, from inception to production deployment.Experience leading small team of onshore developers and providing mentorship is requiredExcellent client interaction, problem solving & communication skillsExperience working in an agile environment is requiredExperience working with relational databases (Oracle, SQL Server, Netezza, Teradata) is requiredStrong experience writing complex SQL is strongly preferredTravel to the client on a weekly basis is required. Normal weekly schedule is M-TH travel to client location (U.S. based)MUST BE BASED IN CHARLOTTE OR CHICAGOWhy Clarity Insights, Why Consulting and Why Now?We dont try to be everything to everybody all the time. We specialize in Data & Analytics and will remain a platform and tool agnostic company so you can grow technically throughout your career. We strive to be 100% technical and 100% business with strategy because we dont hire non-communicative robots who have a one size fits all approach. We often could speak to a CFO or Head of Underwriting about a business or finance problem, and based on the need for real-time and affordable scalability, we can outline in terms they can understand why they should think about a cloud solution for big data and analytics. If we step across to the DevOps lab, we can easily pick up on a conversation about Apache committers, OSF, full stack development, microservices, containers and much more. Were not trying to boil the ocean. We want to grow from 400 people to 1700 people in 4 years to take the market an accessible set of consulting skills. We have a lot of fun together. Most people join here and stay here for the people. That said, we are popular so we do rack up some travel miles. I have a million things to share about why that may change and why that must stay the same for now, but heres a suggestion if you LOVE Cloud Computing for Big Data and/or Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning, etc we should talk.Clarity Solution Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity.#GLDR
Software Developer Optomi, in partnership with an American computer hardware, software and electronics company that makes self-service kiosks, point-of-sale terminals, automated teller machines, check processing systems, barcode scanners, and business consumables, is hiring a Software Developer for their Germantown, MD location.  In this role, you will be joining a team that will be responsible for designing and developing prototype applications in a Windows environment for their Pre-Sales Organization that will be used for bringing in new business from some of the nation’s largest corporations and military bases. What the right person will enjoy:Working alongside a very talented and passionate team of technologist on a mission to push the innovation envelope.You’ll be doing what you love to do – Developing intuitive web user interfaces using modern JavaScript frameworks including AngularJS and PolymerThe opportunity to work on an innovative and revenue-generating productAmple room for career growth as the suite of products and projects is rapidly expanding!Apply today if your background includes:Minimum 5 years’ experience in software development.Experience building rich, data-driven applications using C#,.Net, WPF, WCF, HTML / HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Xamarin, WEB UI Framework such as Angular / Polymer.Ability to develop high quality, resilient software, as an individual contributor, in an agile team environment.Proficiency working with various data sources: SQL Server, Web services, XML, JSON and other data sources.Takes initiative in resolving challenging, complex issues across the lifecycle, including production supportFamiliarity with agile software development process and tools (Visual Studio, VSS, Jira, Confluence, SVN, Git)Strong analytical skills and ability to solve complex engineering problemsGood oral and written communications skills and ability to work well in a team environmentKey Responsibilities:Develop and enhance application solutions for Windows, IOS and Android platformsWork with product owners to understand desired application capabilities and testing scenariosWork within and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions across a full-stack of development tools and technologiesProduce resilient code that meets system availability, reliability, flexibility, scalability, usability, etc.Analyze system and security requirements to design and develop software components for new and existing productsResearch and evaluate technology and third party software capabilities for integration with existing company productsParticipate in requirements gathering, design discussions, and code review/auditProvide technical input for development team activitiesProduce and maintain engineering artifact such as design documents, test procedures, installation and user guides
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
Full Stack Developer in Philadelphia, PA 19103Interview Logistics: Phone Interview  F2F Interview Required Skills Set:Years of Experience: 3+ Education Required: Bachelors Degree or Equivalent Work Experience Experience in Ruby / Rails programming language is preferredExperience with JavaScript and React frameworkAbility to create, execute from and to maintain detailed functional and technical specifications such as use cases, object models, screen specifications, and database designs.Understanding of Software Development Life Cycle process using various methodologiesDevelop enterprise web application, as well as all back-end features and resourcesThis position will involve developing APIs to other system APIs to support variety of projects.Focus here is the ability to work with APIs and other web Client as a front and back end developer.Experience managing additional software engineers, including performing task planning with project managers and code reviews.Drive technical projects and provide leadership in an innovate and fast-paced environmentSkilled in implementing automation using Ansible, Puppet, Knife, Ruby, bash, scripting, python, powershell to perform day-to-day functionsStrong background with complex data structures, algorithms and software designCandidate should be a full stack developer, with experience programming in client side and server side languages using object oriented concepts.Proficient in front end frameworksProject Description: This role is within Reliability Engineering developing several applications for our internal and external customers. Responsibilities:Responsible for the working of all modules, features, bugs in the applicationCodes software applications to adhere to designs supporting internal business requirements or external customersStandardizes the quality assurance procedure for software developmentOversees testing and develops fixes with offshore development teamsExperience with working with international teamsStrong Communication SkillsPhysical Environment and Working Conditions: Must be able to work on site in Philadelphia, PA
Senior Software DeveloperAre you interested in building highly scalable, highly available on-demand web applications? Do you have the passion to be an A Player as part of a scrum team in a great development environment?Here is your opportunity to join the development team at Silverchair, the market leader in digital publishing for scientific, technical, and medical information.What We DoSilverchair is a product development partner to the scholarly and professional publishing industries. What that really means is we use and create advanced technologies to connect doctors, scientists, and researchers to the information they need to keep up with cutting edge research, diagnose complex conditions, or survey the literature within thousands of topic areas. Silverchair facilitates this activity by developing incredibly dynamic online tools and applications.How We Do ItOver the last 23 years, we have learned a lot from both failures and successes. We maintain a progressive mindset and aim to create the knowledge products of the future and we expect the same mindset from our carefully selected team of professionals be progressive, be excellent, and learn constantly.What You Will Be DoingServe as a senior level developer with the opportunity to architect, design, and implement cutting-edge features for our flagship digital publishing productsWork as part of a self-organizing scrum team that values team excellence and productivityAdopt, embrace, and promote agile practices with your peersDisplay your passion for quality and writing clean and robust code that scales and performs well in the .NET Framework using ASP.NET, MVC, ASP.NET, Web API, and SQL Server 2012+ technologies.Work closely with Quality Engineers to develop testing protocol to identify and correct defectsContribute to the analysis of functional requirements while considering the non-functional aspects of the solutionParticipate and promote architectural initiatives, balancing long-term velocity with short-term customer needsWhat You Need To BringMinimum 10 years experience with web technologies creating end to end web applicationsMinimum 10 years experience writing and optimizing relational database queriesMinimum 5 years with Microsoft web technologies, including ASP.NET, C#, and MS SQL ServerInterface implementation (HTML/DHTML/CSS/AJAX) (Sass and HTML5 a plus)Experience with client side technologies and libraries (JavaScript, JQuery, Angular, etc)Experience building Software as a Service (SaaS) applicationsTrack record of being a top performer in current and past roleExperience with source control (Mercurial/GIT a plus)Excellent interpersonal skills and oral/written communicationBachelors degree in computer science or equivalent experiencePreferred Skills/ExperienceExpert understanding of Object-Oriented design, data structures, and algorithmsPublishing domain knowledge
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
 Tapjoy's Maximum Impact PlatformTM provides mobile engagement and monetization services for leading advertisers and app developers. Advertisers rely on Tapjoy's diverse suite of rewarded InterplayTM ads including video and rich media to impact performance. Developers utilize our technology and mobile expertise to acquire and monetize users. The Tapjoy SDK is currently embedded in over 15,000 mobile apps, reaching 520 million monthly active users. A 2016 comScoreTM study confirmed Tapjoy Interplay® ads deliver an unprecedented 3x lift across all brand metrics. The company works with Fortune 500 brands and the Top 200 grossing app developers. Founded in 2007, Tapjoy is a global organization with more than a dozen offices worldwide and is headquartered in San Francisco.  Tapjoy is backed by top-tier investors, including J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Rho Ventures, North Bridge Venture Partners, InterWest Partners and D.E. Shaw Ventures. Headquartered in San Francisco, the company also has offices in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Santa Barbara, Boston, London, Beijing, Shanghai, Seoul and Tokyo. Position Title: Senior Software EngineerPosition Description/Responsibilities:Design, develop, and optimize features of Tapjoy's mobile SDKCollaborate with product, design and engineering teams to bring innovative products from concept to delivery on millions of devicesSolve challenging problems around performant ad rendering, device-level caching, concurrency, and memory managementInterface with and contribute to design of backend APIs that support the SDKWork with integration engineers to debug customer issues and support our partnersTechnology Qualifications:Solid foundation in mobile technologies, with development experience in Android, iOS, Unity and/or AIRKnowledge of iOS/Android performance tools and optimization techniquesExperience building SDKs/frameworks/librariesCore Competencies include:You're excited to develop and deliver high quality mobile content viewed by millions of usersYou possess strong computer science fundamentals, including knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and object-oriented designYou thrive in a fast paced environment that values high impact decision makingYou have experience with or interest in Objective-C, Java, and interfacing with REST APIsRequirements:BS/MS in Computer Science (or related technical field)3+ yrs of relevant work experience in a professional setting While were operating at tremendous scale, we still maintain a startup culture at Tapjoy with all of the casual, social, creative teammates you could desire, and encourage an entrepreneurial mindset where we drive innovation, continuous improvement and tremendous pride in our organization.  If you want to learn about building an amazing team with industry-leading technology, you want to surround yourself with brilliant, passionate entrepreneurial teammates at Tapjoy.  Tapjoy is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that diversity and inclusion lead to stronger, more innovative teams and better business results; we want to draw from the broadest talent pool possible and encourage qualified applicants. Tapjoy does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, ethnicity, color, age, sexual orientation, gender (including identity and expression), disability (mental or physical), religion, national origin, citizenship, marital status, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification protected by applicable law; we will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities, and pursuant to applicable fair chance ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  For more information, please visit www.tapjoy.com.
Fullstack .NET DeveloperDescription We’re looking for exceptional candidates to join our award-winning team who have solid experience in .NET framework technologies and tools.ResponsibilitiesStrong experience in building dynamic applications in an Agile environmentImplementing and developing best practices for clients as well as Intertech.Cross-collaboration with Intertech team members for the purpose of staff and client growth. We help each other grow along with our clients!Living the Intertech brand through top quality results and client relationshipsAssuring our customer’s growth through delivery of projects and training and development of client staff.Requirements3-7 years of solid software development experienceTotal commitment to Intertech’s values of attitude, commitment, and excellenceDevelopment experience in enterprise applicationsA Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Math, or science-related fieldAn understanding and knowledge of .Net, Web Services, WPF, WCF, MVC, Patterns/OO Design, and Web FrameworksAdditional experience with most of the following:VB.NETVisual StudioJavaScript.NET Framework 4.0 and/or 4.5, XML, AJAXC#ASP.NETAgile Design PatternsHTMLCSSMS SQL ServerWhy Intertech? Does business transparency, great work, a unique set of benefits, and work/life flexibility sound good? Then, we should talk. We actually take pride in making employees happy, as proven by our numerous employee satisfaction awards. Joining Intertech not only means joining an award-winning company culture, but it means working on great projects with great customers. We truly believe the projects and clients, matter. Here are a few other fun benefits that come along with a job at Intertech: Cool Perks3-month paid sabbaticals$1500 home office setup stipendWork from home, when projects/clients allowFully stocked break rooms with free food and drinkQuarterly, catered company dinners and business reviewOpen and transparent communications within the firm which means you have a voice in the strategy and direction of the companyAn environment that allows staff growth personally and professional through challenging projectsThe BasicsFull medical, dental, long/short-term disability, and life insurance benefits401K with company matchPaid time off and sick timeBonuses for utilizationAnd more… (oh yeah, we've won a few awards too)  Company AwardsThe Business Journal, Great Places to Work (13 time winner)Star Tribune, Top 100 Workplace (5 time winner)Minnesota Business Magazine, 100 Top Employers (5 time winner)Inc. 5000, One of the Fastest Growing Firms in America (7 time winner)Star Tribune, Top 100 Workplace Special Award Winner (Ethics)* No recruiters\placement firms please. Intertech, Inc, is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disabled/Verteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Need More Reasons to Explore Intertech? Watch This.
CRIF Lending Solutions is the nation’s largest provider of loan and account origination, business process outsourcing, credit decisioning, data access and analytics solutions to a number of the most successful U.S. financial institutions including banks, credit unions, finance companies, retailers and credit card processors. Through our solutions, we provide financial institutions the tools they need to succeed!CRIF Lending Solutions proudly provides a dynamic entrepreneurial work environment, boasting international flair that encourages innovative and fresh ideas. We use leading-edge technology to deliver world-class service both internally and to our customers. *We are seeking Sr. Level Software Developers only.*KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:· Analyzes and implements requirements for basic projects. Participates in the evaluation of new platforms and technologies to satisfy requirements. Interprets software requirements and prepares system design documents for projects with minimal impact to other systems. Participates in data integrity and environmental requirements design. Develops software specifications and documentations.· Is accountable for establishing that system improvements are successfully implemented and monitored to increase efficiency.· Proactively participates in the identification of solutions for a production environment. Proposes recommendations and implements adjustments as designated by senior level personnel.· Develops and maintains simple code utilizing basic programming techniques. Provides thorough internal software documentation.· Operates in accordance with company security policies and guidelines, and in accordance with established quality standards and assigned schedule.· Proactively contributes to team goals by integrating his/her own work with that of his/her colleagues and by furthering/promoting a teamwork attitude with respect to execution plans.KEY REQUIREMENTS:Candidate should have basic level software development life cycle (SDLC) and analytical skills.· Candidate should have excellent verbal and written communication skills and be able to work with associates at all levels within the organization.· Candidate should be proficient in ASP.NET, VB.NET, .NET 4.x, XML, SQL Server environments and programming languages.· Candidate should have a bachelor or graduate degree in Computer Science or related field and at least two years of professional experience in software development.· Candidate should be self-motivated in order to work independently and be self-sufficient when required.CRIF is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and maintains a Drug-Free Workplace.CRIF Lending Solutions offers an excellent benefits package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Disability, 401(k) with match, and generous PTO.
Huawei is a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider. Through our dedication to customer-centric innovation and strong partnerships, we have established end-to-end advantages in telecom networks, devices and cloud computing. We are committed to creating maximum value for telecom operators, enterprises and consumers by providing competitive solutions and services. Our products and solutions have been deployed in over 170 countries, serving more than one third of the world’s population. Huawei has over 150,000 employees, approximately 70,000 of which are engaged in Research & development. Huawei operates a global network of 14 regional headquarters, 16 R&D Centers, 28 Innovation Centers jointly operated with customers, and 45 Training Centers. Huawei is leading the way by rethinking the future. From devices to telecom infrastructure to cloud computing and convergence solutions, we are rethinking every link in the chain with ICT based innovation to deliver a better future...faster. Software Developer/Architect, Query Engine Location: Bellevue, WA (R&D) Req #: 9109 # of Openings: 1 Description About this position  The Big Data Platform team at the Huawei Seattle Cloud Computing Competence Center is seeking a software developer/architect to conduct research/development in Big Data Analytics, Query Optimization, and Distributed Computing Systems.  We are interested in all components of a large scale big data management system — query compilation, query optimizer, code generation, execution engine, scheduler, storage format, concurrency control, etc.  We are leading researchers and engineers from worldwide to create an adaptive and high performance big data engine for real world applications running on the cloud.  It enables one to work with team members with backgrounds in database server development, Big Data, Distributed Systems, adaptive query processing, Business Intelligence, parallel architecture. etc., as well as collaborating with academic partners in universities. We encourage software engineers actively creating software to solve real-world problems, and contributing to high-quality open-source communities, and actively publishing papers. We are recruiting an experienced software engineer/architect with multi-disciplinary backgrounds in computer science, computer engineering, or related fields. ResponsibilitiesDesign, develop and improve large scale big data engineWork with big data analytics team providing technical leadershipDevelop query engine including query compilation, query optimization, and code generationImplement and benchmark query executionsImprove performance of our adaptive engine on various platformsProvide technical guidance to your fellow team members Desired Skills and Experience  Preferred Technical and Professional Experience 1+ years experience in cluster environment5+ years in database engine developmentStrong knowledge/experience with Hadoop/Hive/Spark cluster systemStrong desire to apply your knowledge in the big data technology stackGood knowledge on cluster resource management systems Yarn/Mesos is a plus.Good knowledge on cloud computing is a plus.Experience with Spark/Scala is a plus.Experience in Big Data frameworks is a plus. Required Education: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related fields  Preferred Education: MS or Doctorate Degree  Travel Required: Around 10%  Locations available: Seattle, WAHuawei Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Why work for us?In 2015, Huawei's revenue reached CNY395 billion (US$60.8 billion based on the year-end exchange rate), an increase of 37% (YOY)We invest in engineering and innovation - 70,000+ of our 150,000+ global employees work in R&DGlobally ranked #1 for International Patent SubmissionsWe continually invest heavily in global community involvement programsWe support green energy - Lowered CO2 emissions by 13,000 tons via Huawei’s green packaging solutionsEngaged in over 100 research projects with 50+ Universities in the United States Are you a returning applicant?Previous Applicants:Email:Password: If you do not remember your password click here. Back to Search Results New SearchCopyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 1998-2017. All rights reserved.
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
 Quest Integrity, a global leader in inspection and engineering services, is seeing a Software Developer to support Quest Integrity’s growing Pipeline Analysis Services team. This position will work closely with in-line inspection (ILI) data analysts to develop new software that supports company growth.  The Software Developer will program high performance software that uses a lot of math, physics and logic skills that you learned but rarely get to use in most corporate programming positions.  Quest Integrity offers a truly challenging work environment with abundant opportunities for you to demonstrate your abilities, learn new skills, and take pride in building world class software. We welcome new ideas and value your enthusiasm to do what it takes to deliver superior results.  The position is located in Stafford, TX. DUTIES and RESPONSIBILITIESDefine, design and implement new applications that support in-line inspection (ILI) run comparison tasks and deliverablesCollaborate with team members to help develop the vision for a new product, providing creative and technical insight throughout the projectProvide continual assessment and review of testing and integration plans to ensure the solutions meet the business need and are working as designedAbility to take ownership of a projectKNOWLEDGE and SKILL REQUIREMENTSPassion for software developmentBachelor’s degree with majors in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or EngineeringRelational Databases and SQL requiredMust be strong in Java, .NET/C# , C/C++ or VB.NETMust be open to learning a new programming language if neededKnowledge of Pipeline Integrity and familiarity with current US pipeline regulations and standards a plusStrong math, physics and logic skills preferredHighly motivated self-starter and can do attitude who thrives in a dynamic and collaborative environmentDemonstrated ability to solve challenging problems, showing innovation, creativity, and driveExcellent ability to communicate and interface with colleagues and ability to maintain company and customer confidentiality
We deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance.Commercial Insurance Techs Application Services team is seeking an experienced, motivated Principal Software Developer to lead the development of contact center technology in the Cloud. This developer will be responsible for improvements and development within telephony related systems that will include system customization, developing user solutions, and high volume data feed integrations. This position will be within a highly collaborative and dynamic environment that includes partnerships with multiple stakeholders; the candidate must be readily adaptable to changing requirements and Agile project methodologies. Good teamwork and leadership skills will be essential to the success of the candidate. ResponsibilitiesUnder limited direction, performs full software development lifecycle activities for medium to high complexity systems or subsystems, including:Conducting impact analysisIdentifying technical alternativesDeveloping component designsDevelop new solutions that leverage best-in-class contact center capabilitiesDevelop re-usable tools and assets to support automation (continuous integration / continuous deployment)Source code developmentUnit and functional test creation and executionIntegration testing supportCreating accurate and thorough project artifacts Development of production support documentationDeveloping and implementing release plansCompletes project work and other tasks as appropriate using agile practicesDevelops efficient, maintainable, defect-free code that meets business requirements and team standardsIntegration with vendor productsMeets service-level agreements on product support and other deadlinesIdentify and resolve defects or discrepancies in requirements with appropriate partnersIdentify improvement opportunitiesQualifications: Bachelors or Masters Degree in technical discipline (or equivalent experience)Generally 8+ years of professional experienceExtensive knowledge of IT concepts, strategies and methodologiesKnowledge and understanding of agile software development concepts and processes Strong capability in new and emerging technologies (example Contact Center as a Service)Application and integration experience, especially within telephonyThorough knowledge of layered systems architectures and layered solutions and designs; understanding of shared software conceptsStrong consultative, negotiation, facilitation and consensus building skillsStrong oral and written communication skills; presentation skillsProficient in multiple programming languages and toolsExperience in one or more of the following:Computer telephony integration with Avaya or similar call management systemExperience with Communications platform as a Service (CpaaS) and/or Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS) technologies such as Twillo and AWS Connect.NICE Performance Management, NICE Interactions Management, NICE Real-time solutionsJava, J2EE, Spring framework, Spring boot, Cloud Foundry, Hibernate, MyBatisHTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript and AngularJSInformatica ETL, DB2, Oracle, or SQL Server DatabaseApplication and integration experience, especially web service development Benefits:We recognize that talented people are attracted to companies that provide competitive pay, comprehensive benefits packages and outstanding advancement opportunities. For this reason we offer a Comprehensive Benefits Plan that includes the following:401K and Company paid pension planMedical coverageDental coveragePaid time-offPay-for-PerformanceDiscounts on automobile and homeowner's insuranceDiscount fitness membershipsFlexible spending accountsTuition reimbursementVision care coverageWork/Life resourcesCredit Union membershipEmployee and Dependent life insuranceDisability insuranceAccidental death & dismemberment insuranceOverview:At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives. We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed.Were dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual.Job:  Technology Primary Location: United States-Washington-SeattleSchedule: Full-timeSalary: $00

Description -- Our mission is to help people everywhere find a job and company they love. We are disrupting an industry by changing how people search for jobs and how companies recruit top talent.Responsibilities -- As a Senior Java Software Engineer, you will play a central role in the design and development of the Glassdoor product. The ideal candidate will have a passion for development and a strong background in building dynamic, high-volume web sites with Java using an Agile development methodology.As a fast-growing startup, we look for self-starters who thrive in a fast-paced, agile environment – which means wearing many hats, being able to change direction quickly, and showing an eagerness to learn new technologies as the need arises.In this role you work with a small, collaborative team of engineers, product managers, and designers – so excellent interpersonal and communication skills are also a must. And most importantly – we look for people that can prioritize, multi-task, and deliver – because it’s a lot more fun to get things done. Skills and Requirements5+ years of software development experience on large scale, high-volume sitesProficient with open source Java technologies like Spring, Hibernate, and Struts, and SolrProficient working with relational databases as well as NoSQL technologies like Redis and RiakExperience building service-oriented solutions and RESTful microservicesStrong understanding of Java multithreading, concurrency and memory managementFamiliarity with front-end technologies such as JSP, JSTL, HTML, CSS and Javascript.Experience with writing both unit tests and integration testsWhy Glassdoor?Work with purpose – join us in creating transparency for job seekers everywhereGlassdoor gives back! Glassdoor is a Pledge 1% member; all employees receive 3 paid volunteer days100% company paid medical/dental/vision/life coverage; 85% dependent coverageEquity in a late stage startup backed by top-tier VCsSunny & peaceful Mill Valley offices located right on the waterWalking, running and biking trails steps away from the officeOnsite gym and fitness classesFree catered lunch; new menu dailyPaid holidays and flexible paid time offYour choice between Mac or PCDog-friendly office (with dog-free zones if you are so inclined)Free parking Glassdoor is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Glassdoor is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
Job Posting TitleSoftware EngineerSummaryJoin Aristocrat in a Software Engineering role, working with some of the leading minds in the tech and creative space.What you'll doSoftware development role requiring knowledge and application of software engineering best practises that will be used to support the studios production and prototyping deliverables.Deliver production quality software solutions using best practices & appropriate methodologies in accordance with agreed production schedules & quality targets.Develop prototypes of new functionality, assist with the maintenance of existing code-bases, document & support knowledge capture/sharing, contribute to continuous improvement effortsIdentify and protect innovation through patent application, innovate through the provision of technical insight during collaboration, provide software solutions to enable new game types & functionalities.Maintain, enhance and implement software development best practices and processes.What we're looking forBSc or higher in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent degree2+ Years of commercial software design and development experience2+ Years’ experience using C or C++ to develop embedded applicationsExperience in C# .Net, Silverlight, Macromedia Flash, OpenGL, DirectX or other 3D engine frameworks is highly favourableExposure to graphics tools such as Adobe suite is highly desirableThis is a truly exciting and creative software development role in an interesting and dynamic industry, and provides a real opportunity for someone with an interest in working with creative leaders.Why Aristocrat?World Leader in Gaming EntertainmentRobust benefits packageGlobal career opportunitiesOur core values: Respect, Courage, Integrity and PassionOur Winning WaysUnite - Come together as one team, with one visionDevelop - Empower, inspire and grow our peopleDeliver - Execute with excellence, be accountable for resultsPlay - Be creative, celebrate successThe US based roles may require registration with the Nevada Gaming Control Board (NGCB) and/or other gaming jurisdictions in which we operate.LocationBrookvaleJob familySoftwareContract TypeRegularTime TypeFull time
 LogRhythm is seeking a Salesforce Developer to join our Information Systems team at our corporate office in Boulder, CO. This position will be primarily responsible for working within Salesforce Service Cloud and facilitating the transition from a highly customized instance of Salesforce to leveraging CPQ & CPQ+ within our Sales Organization. The ideal candidate in this role will troubleshoot, enhance, and work with end-users to ensure that Salesforce.com keeps pace with changes in program operations, policies and/or procedures. Opportunity This is an opportunity to enhance and drive the development of Salesforce Service Cloud. You will collaborate with different departments and stakeholders and define the business needs and enhancements for Salesforce to support LogRhythm’s continuous growth. This role will be critical on the impact that Service Cloud has on our global sales and support organization, currently over 200 employees. A successful deployment of this initiative will be a highlight on your career. ResponsibilitiesDaily support of Salesforce - development & customization of objects, fields, record types, page layouts, sharing, routing and validation rules, community management, & service consoleGather business requirements and functional designs to effectively develop solutions that address customer requirementsDevelop and create customized reports and dashboardsParticipate in the software testing process, which includes devising test plans, creating test cases, and coordinating actual software testingStay current with Salesforce features and functionality and providing recommendations for process improvements along with knowledge of front end best practicesKeep application users informed about system functionality and enhancementsDrive enhancements and initiatives from design to deploymentCreate and maintain documentation on processes, policies, application configuration and help related materials for users as new features are developed Qualifications5-7 years Salesforce development experienceStrong command of APEX and VisualforceCPQ / CPQ+ experienceScrum and/or Kanban Agile methodologyDevelopment & Configuration on Salesforce products (Sales, Service and/or Marketing Cloud)Planning, tracking, and managing software development projects in JIRAExperience in full circle implementation and deployment of Salesforce CRM applicationsUnderstanding of key Salesforce CRM architectural concepts and Salesforce CRM ecosystemUnderstanding of key integration concepts (Point-to-Point/Middle Ware)GitHub experience for Versioning and Release ManagementExcellent communication and analytical skillsMust have proven attention to detailAbility to work independently, as well as part of a team, on multiple sprints / projectsSalesforce certifications (Admin, Dev, Sales or Service Cloud Consultant) a plusLogRhythm is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.
Why this job is important?Come work with us and build better software for small businesses. Small business owners are our friends, our family, and we want to see them succeed. Our goal is to help them market to and communicate with their customers, by giving them simple, effective tools, that they can easily learn and use.What will you learn on this job?You'll be working with other developers who, like you, care about understanding people's needs and turning those into easy to use products.You'll learn a lot about software design and development, code quality and system reliability, product management, and user experience.If you * You are passionate about product as much as the technology that makes it possible* You are curious about exploring new ideas, enjoy learning and teaching others* You take ownership of features, from early design all the way to delivery* You would rather ship quality code than spend all day fixing bugs* You strive to collaborate and work at a steady, sustainable paceWe'll provide you with * A focused, long-term product roadmap* Feedback from real customers who use our product daily* The tools/environment to help you ship software with ease* Mentorship and skill building on code/software engineering* The space to research and explore new ideasAs lead, you're also responsible for * Contributing to the product roadmap and architecture* Mentoring team members and helping them work through challenges/blockers* Coordinating with other teams, including support, marketing, sales* Researching new technologies, and helping us improve our craftLast but not least We're located in Uptown Oakland, footsteps from BART.Some stuff we're using: Node.js, JavaScript (ES2017), Functional Programming, TDD, Express.js, CircleCI, MongoDB, Redis, Heroku, AWS Lambda, Github, Zube, Salesforce.Did you know most people who apply never read the whole job description? Since you have, can you tell us what the weather is like where you live?Broadly is committed to providing and promoting equal opportunity for all employees and applicants. We comply fully with the spirit, as well as the letter, of all applicable local, state, and federal laws and regulations implementing the national objective of equal employment opportunity. Broadly does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, citizenship status, national origin, ancestry, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, age, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, marital or domestic partner status, veteran status, political or religious affiliations, height, weight, or any other characteristic protected by law.

 Extreme Engineering Solutions is seeking motivated software developers for both front-end and back-end development and support. Working within a small, agile team, you will have the opportunity to create apps that have a direct impact on the company’s engineering, manufacturing, and business processes through contributions to the following areas: Business Applications – using open source Symfony PHP framework with MySQL databaseEnterprise Applications – using open source Odoo (formerly OpenERP) framework with PostgreSQL database Duties and Responsibilities Specific responsibilities include:Analyze business processes to create applications that support end-user needsConsult with stakeholders at all levels of the organization to gather requirements and develop plans for upgradesUtilize your range of programming languages and skills to enhance existing tools or add features that support changing business needsCollaborate with other development team members to create next-generation software solutionsDesired QualificationsExperience with one or more modern high-level programming language (PHP, C#, Python, Ruby)Knowledge of object-oriented programmingBachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field is preferredSkilled at troubleshooting and debugging existing codeAble to work effectively both within a team environment and as an individual contributorKnowledge of Event Based Programming, Domain Driven Design, Service Oriented Architecture, MVC, and other modern Design Patterns is a plus Compensation and Benefits  Extreme Engineering Solutions offers a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits, including group health and dental insurance, 401k, and paid vacation.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply

Senior Software Developer We deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance.Liberty Mutual s (LM) acquisition of Ironshore Inc. in May 2017 resulted in a new set of applications that need to be integrated into the overall LM/GS IT eco-system. The GS Ironshore IT integration team will provide the IT leadership to program-plan and execute the move to a single consolidated stack of GS IT solution across US and Non-US Ironshore businesses. In this role, you will have the opportunity to work in a fully scaled Agile environment and work with the Architects and Technical Leads to identify new tools to complete this high visibility project.Working closely with the Ironshore business and operation teams, required business capabilities and processes are currently being defined to create a multi-year IT integration plan that also will become the blueprint for future Global Specialty acquisitions. The Ironshore IT integration team will focus on end-to-end IT solutions across all functional areas, the respective data migration aspects as well as the change management PMO activities. The Senior Software Developer will be focused on the development and testing activities related to migration of content and data from source to target systems to allow for the proper placement, access and retrieval across global users. The scope of responsibility will include supporting the development of turnkey solutions as well as configuration and scripting based on off-the-shelf tools.Responsibilities:Perform complex source code development.Assist in complex unit test case development.Develop complex test scripts.Assists in the development of production support documentation.Provides functional/system integration testing support.Perform Quality Assurance coding and design review.Conduct complex impact analysis.Develop complex component design.Provide complex system / application architecture.Contribute complex technical alternatives.Participate in the development of Build and Deployment guide and script.Participate in the development of guidelines and standards.Qualifications:Bachelor's or Master's degree in technical or business discipline or equivalent experience.Generally 5+ years of professional experience. Java or .Net experienceJavaScriptMS SQL Server SSIS PackagesProficient in new and emerging technologies such as AWS and Cloud, DevOps, CI/CD and MicroServices.Experience in the Insurance and/or Claims industry is desirable.Experience with BI Analytics, Enterprise Content Management (ECM) and Agile methodologies is also nice to have.We take care of our employeesWe strongly believe that a great job should keep you happy both at workand in life. Thats why we offer:Workplace Flexibility Wellness PerksCollaborative workspacesSit/stand desks Career development, programs and classesDiversity & Inclusion programs Commuter BenefitsAdoption AssistanceCollege Savings PlanEducation reimbursement Hackathon EventsLiberty Mutual was named as a 2016 Great Place to Work by Great Place to Work US. For more info about our benefits - https://www.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/working-here/benefits Learn more about Tech at Liberty Mutual - http://www.jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/technology-jobsCheck out our Tech at Liberty Mutual YouTube playlist - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxUNmyJ_IIGx9yoUJfQ8k5APAK3-KAa6j Job:  Technology Primary Location: United States-New Hampshire-PortsmouthSchedule: Full-timeSalary: $92,000-$118,000Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years)
Business Line Government Position Title Software Developer  United States of America - California  Point Mugu Job Summary AECOM is seeking an Airborne Electronic Attack Software Developer with 0-4 years of experience in support of NAVAIR efforts in Point Mugu, CA.  Must be knowledgeable in developing software application using share-point 2013,C## and workflow (0-4 Years)  Collect User Requirement and provide user support.  Develop documentation and training presentation Minimum Requirements Minimum Requirements  Experience in software implementation and release. Familiarity with MS Office , SharePoint 2013 and workflow.  Great communication and customer service skills. Ability to multi-task& support multiple priorities. Strong Analytical and Problem Solving Skills. Excellent teamwork and interpersonal skills. Strong technical skills including understanding of software development principles. Hands-on experience through coursework or experience. Ability to quickly adapt to a changing environment and learn new concepts and software is necessary.  Candidate should be a self-motivated, independent, detail oriented, responsible team-player.  BS computer science.  Ability to maintain and have current Secret Clearance Preferred Qualifications Hands-on experience through coursework or experience.  Ability to lead , manage and motivate others  Previous experience supporting Navy government systems What We Offer AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow.  AECOM is an equal opportunity employer and Minorities, Females, Veterans, and Disabled persons are encouraged to apply. For further information, please click here to view the EEO Is The Law poster. NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY AGENCIES:Please note that AECOM does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Recruitment Fee Agreement, AECOM will not consider or agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, AECOM explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of AECOM.Job CategoryEngineering - Electrical / ElectronicCountryUnited States of AmericaPosition StatusFull-TimeRequisition/Vacancy No.159993BR
About Us Interaction Gaming develops digital solutions for the lottery industry ranging from mobile apps to responsive websites and digital games. Our vision is to create winning moments that inspire the world to play.  We are a growing and highly-successful early stage startup company that offers employees unlimited time off, vacation funding, profit sharing, and the ability to learn from a ground floor experience. Our team is based in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Job Description We are looking for a Software Developer to join our team in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Collaborate in an agile development environment with project managers, designers and other developers to create software applications for lottery and gaming organizations. Participate in client meetings, work independently and pair with other developers on complex problems, write unit tests, and guide products from conceptualization to delivery. Required Skills The successful candidate should possess: 2+ years experience developing software in a professional capacity (or commensurate experience)Broad knowledge of common programming languagesTechnical degree or commensurate experienceA solid understanding of the agile development methodologyExcellent resourcefulness and problem solving abilitiesA passion for games and digital experiences Our current software stack includes Node.js, Typescript, React, Java (Android), Swift (iOS). Candidates need not be experienced in all languages. Employee Benefits Employees will enjoy contributing to an early stage startup company that is pioneering the digital transformation of the $70 billion U.S. lottery industry. We work in a casual, collaborative, and fun environment based in Ann Arbor, Michigan. All full-time employees receive: Competitive compensation packagesUnlimited vacation and personal leavePlatinum-level health and dental benefitsCompany-funded vacation / recreation programMonthly cell phone and computer stipendEmployee profit sharing program Learn more at www.interactiongaming.com
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
We believe that high ­quality, innovative software is built by craftsmen in a collaborative workshop environment, rather than by workers on an assembly line. Our team values passion and dedication over drudgery and busywork. To us, crafting software is a way of life, not just a job. If you share our passion for breaking new ground every day, while delivering cutting edge software solutions, and are driven to continuously improve your craft while striving for perfection each and every day, then we may have a spot for you in our high growth, startup company.If you are selected to join our team, you will have the opportunity to work with a wide array of languages and technologies, learn and leverage agile practices, work on various layers of the architecture stack, build awesome web and mobile apps, and learn to love the safety of a well ­written automated test. A Software Engineer is responsible for participating in many aspects of the Updox software development lifecycle for both new application development and existing system maintenance. What you'll do... Requirements EstimationSoftware DevelopmentSoftware TestingSoftware DeploymentSoftware DemonstrationsSystems DocumentationDaily Stand UpsRetrospectivesEssential Job Functions:Code/Test/Deploy Software 80%Mentoring/Pairing/Code Reviews 10%Requirement Estimation & Software Spikes 5%Meetings/Presentations/Demos 5% What you'll bring... 2+ years of experience with Java, C# or Ruby2+ years of experience with Javascript, HTML5 and CSS1+ years of experience with Angular.js (preferable), Ember.js or similar framework2+ years of experience with jUnit, Jasmine, RSpec or similar test frameworkTest driven development experience is highly desirableDemonstrates understanding of algorithms and how/when to apply themWorking knowledge of Object Oriented development and Object modelingWorking knowledge of SQL and Object to Relational Mapping frameworksProficiency with GitPropensity to overcome challenges and solve hard problemsInternal drive for continuous improvement (knowledge, standards, best practices)Strong communication skills with the ability to adjust communication to fit the audienceRelentless desire to deliver, say what youll do and do what you sayBachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science is preferred or equivalent experience Bonus Points... Experience with asynchronous development and RabbitMQ (preferable)Experience using MySQL serverExperience with CoffeeScriptExperience with SASSExperience with Twitter BootstrapDevOps experiencePlease note - this is not a remote position. Our office is in Dublin, Ohio.
 At Sonos, we are passionate about creating and delivering the finest HiFi audio experiences to our customers. Our products stream all the music on earth, in every room, wirelessly, and you control it all from the palm of your hand. Its easy to use, but keeping things simple and bug free is hard work.  We work closely with user experience experts to develop UX-centric applications that connect people to music. Software Engineers working on mobile applications and web services collaborate with some of the brightest minds across multiple disciplines in software, hardware, and design. Our teams learn from our users as we constantly improve their experience - making it easier to find and listen to their music out loud in their home.  As a Software Engineer you will be responsible for improving the Sonos applications to seamlessly play what listeners want to hear where they want to hear it. You will join one of several teams that is evolving the Sonos mobile interaction experience.  If you love music, solving challenging software problems, and doing things the right way every time, wed like to talk to you.* Deliver professional customer-facing software, on schedule and with a high degree of quality. Be integral in the future of the Sonos interaction experience.Collaborate with other Software Engineers, User Experience Designers, Product Managers and Test Engineers to coordinate larger features.Ask questions, think on your feet, and absorb lots of information.Deliver simple, elegant solutions to complex problems.* Experience in software development using Java, Objective-C, or Swift.Exposure to C++.Experience developing on the Android and/or iOS platforms, with at least one app completed in a way you'd be proud to share.Exposure to or experience with network-connected apps.1-2 years of experience in software development, or at least one internship.Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline.
Software Developer - 324 Technology and Engineering - USA Oldsmar, Florida Referral Bonus Amount - $1,000.00  Nielsen‘s mission is to help marketers and media companies measure and improve advertising performance by accurately reporting on what consumers watch, see, or hear (whether on television, the web, in print, or on the radio).  Reach technology division is looking for an experienced full stack Software Developer (Java/J2EE) applications to join the Application Development team in the Reference area. As part of the dynamic Reference team you will be an integral part of a high energy team that enhances Reference applications and Data that is disseminated to disparate downstream consumer systems to support key marketplace initiatives.  As a Software Developer, you will be expected to bring new and fresh ideas to the company and its solutions. You will be part of ideation and conception phases and help define the scope and business requirements of the projects. The ideal candidate will collaborate with other developers, architects, and analysts in creating solutions that meet Nielsen’s business requirements and achieve high quality, and speed-to-market solutions. Candidate must be able to work closely with product managers, project managers, architects, other developers, DBA’s and the business stakeholders to develop the solutions and have flexibility to work across multiple time zones. This requires a self-managed strongly technical candidate that can take special projects from inception to completion.  The candidate MUST have prior experience in developing scalable J2EE application with experience in Java, Design Patterns, RESTful API Webservices, SQL.Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.Minimum of 2 to 4 years IT experience with hands-on software development.Strong development skills in J2EE and GUI and coding experience with Java, Design Patterns, RESTful API Webservices, SQLStrong ability to translate requirements into design and code based on the requirements.Strong ability to work effectively as a team member, across project teams.Strong ability to apply analytical and problem solving skills to solve design and coding problems.Knowledgeable and competent in RDBMS systems such as PostGreSQL, SybaseExperience with Weblogic/Tomcat or equivalent Webapp server.Experience in UnixExposure to front end technologies including Struts, JSP, AJAX and coding experience in middleware developmentAbility to Unit Test the codeExcellent interpersonal skills, excellent written and verbal communication skillsJob Type: Regular Primary Location: Oldsmar,Florida Secondary Locations: , , , Travel: Yes, 10% of the Time Relocation Approved: No
About us: Founded in 2010, Simplee is an enterprise software company driven by a mission to make healthcare consumer friendly. Simplees platform for patient financial care offers providers a consumer centric experience to payment and credit, improving satisfaction while delivering proven ROI. Our solution provides a comprehensive approach from pre to post service that consolidates money flows, facilities, and IT systems to shield consumers from back end complexities.  Today, Simplee serves a whos who of US healthcare providers representing leading brands representing billions in consumer payments across more than 200 hospitals and 1,100 physician clinics across the country. We touch nearly 5% of the U.S. population and are proud that 81% (and rising) of patients across Simplee customers report being very satisfied with their financial care. Our proprietary technology is award winning and frequently featured in the press.  Simplee is a privately held company backed by venture investors including Greylock (83North), Social Capital Partnership, The Heritage Group (strategic healthcare investor with large hospital systems as LPs), and American Express Ventures. The company received $20M series C funding in May 2016, and received $10M series B funding in September 2013. Previously, the company raised $6 million in a Series A in May 2012 and $1.8 million seed in April 2011.  Simplee is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, with regional sales offices, and maintains a development center in Tel Aviv, Israel. The opportunity: As our Solutions Developer you will handle the toughest technical solutions, working alongside Development and closely with both the Customer Success and the Product Management teams to develop the complex tools needed to ensure our solutions are successful and of the highest value to our customers. Responsibilities:Become a technical expert in our products, SimpleePAY, SimpleeESTIMATE and other Simplee applications, at a deep technical levelDevelop the tools and support ongoing technical evaluations and resolutions for real world user-based solutionsUse your technical expertise to develop internal tools for SimpleeTake ownership of technical solutions, working with our Development team to create new technical approaches and resolutionsReproduce, document and raise issues and bugs to the Development team, provide technical resolution as appropriateGather and analyze complex data points to resolve application issues or answer customer questions.Contribute to the development of serviceability toolsFrom time to time, provide in-depth and detailed technical support to Simplee customers to resolve technical issues and develop custom solutionsSome responsibility for off hours supportRequirements:Strong technical skills including:Ability to code and read code in Java, Ruby, C, C++ or other development languagesScripting in Ruby, Python, shell, or other common languages is a plusProficiency on Mac, Linux, and Windows platformsSQLWeb technologies5 or more years of experience working in solution development, automation development, presales or technical supportAbility to code and read code in any development language, Ruby is a plusAbility to manage challenging and technically complex customer interactions, demonstrating a logical approach to problem solvingExperience working within a startup is a plusSuperior analytical and problem solving skillsProven ability to communicate complex technical conceptsAbility to work closely with remote development teamsTeam-orientated and collaborative by natureExcellent written and oral communication skillsAble to manage multiple tasks with competing prioritiesBenefitsCompetitive compensation including stock optionsUnlimited paid time offFully stocked kitchens with snacks galore401(K) matchingMedical/Dental/Vision insuranceLife Insurance and disability benefits Simplee is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
Software Developer Optomi, in partnership with an American computer hardware, software and electronics company that makes self-service kiosks, point-of-sale terminals, automated teller machines, check processing systems, barcode scanners, and business consumables, is hiring a Software Developer for their Germantown, MD location.  In this role, you will be joining a team that will be responsible for designing and developing prototype applications in a Windows environment for their Pre-Sales Organization that will be used for bringing in new business from some of the nation’s largest corporations and military bases. What the right person will enjoy:Working alongside a very talented and passionate team of technologist on a mission to push the innovation envelope.You’ll be doing what you love to do – Developing intuitive web user interfaces using modern JavaScript frameworks including AngularJS and PolymerThe opportunity to work on an innovative and revenue-generating productAmple room for career growth as the suite of products and projects is rapidly expanding!Apply today if your background includes:Minimum 5 years’ experience in software development.Experience building rich, data-driven applications using C#,.Net, WPF, WCF, HTML / HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Xamarin, WEB UI Framework such as Angular / Polymer.Ability to develop high quality, resilient software, as an individual contributor, in an agile team environment.Proficiency working with various data sources: SQL Server, Web services, XML, JSON and other data sources.Takes initiative in resolving challenging, complex issues across the lifecycle, including production supportFamiliarity with agile software development process and tools (Visual Studio, VSS, Jira, Confluence, SVN, Git)Strong analytical skills and ability to solve complex engineering problemsGood oral and written communications skills and ability to work well in a team environmentKey Responsibilities:Develop and enhance application solutions for Windows, IOS and Android platformsWork with product owners to understand desired application capabilities and testing scenariosWork within and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions across a full-stack of development tools and technologiesProduce resilient code that meets system availability, reliability, flexibility, scalability, usability, etc.Analyze system and security requirements to design and develop software components for new and existing productsResearch and evaluate technology and third party software capabilities for integration with existing company productsParticipate in requirements gathering, design discussions, and code review/auditProvide technical input for development team activitiesProduce and maintain engineering artifact such as design documents, test procedures, installation and user guides
Full Stack Developer in Philadelphia, PA 19103Interview Logistics: Phone Interview  F2F Interview Required Skills Set:Years of Experience: 3+ Education Required: Bachelors Degree or Equivalent Work Experience Experience in Ruby / Rails programming language is preferredExperience with JavaScript and React frameworkAbility to create, execute from and to maintain detailed functional and technical specifications such as use cases, object models, screen specifications, and database designs.Understanding of Software Development Life Cycle process using various methodologiesDevelop enterprise web application, as well as all back-end features and resourcesThis position will involve developing APIs to other system APIs to support variety of projects.Focus here is the ability to work with APIs and other web Client as a front and back end developer.Experience managing additional software engineers, including performing task planning with project managers and code reviews.Drive technical projects and provide leadership in an innovate and fast-paced environmentSkilled in implementing automation using Ansible, Puppet, Knife, Ruby, bash, scripting, python, powershell to perform day-to-day functionsStrong background with complex data structures, algorithms and software designCandidate should be a full stack developer, with experience programming in client side and server side languages using object oriented concepts.Proficient in front end frameworksProject Description: This role is within Reliability Engineering developing several applications for our internal and external customers. Responsibilities:Responsible for the working of all modules, features, bugs in the applicationCodes software applications to adhere to designs supporting internal business requirements or external customersStandardizes the quality assurance procedure for software developmentOversees testing and develops fixes with offshore development teamsExperience with working with international teamsStrong Communication SkillsPhysical Environment and Working Conditions: Must be able to work on site in Philadelphia, PA
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
Fullstack .NET DeveloperDescription We’re looking for exceptional candidates to join our award-winning team who have solid experience in .NET framework technologies and tools.ResponsibilitiesStrong experience in building dynamic applications in an Agile environmentImplementing and developing best practices for clients as well as Intertech.Cross-collaboration with Intertech team members for the purpose of staff and client growth. We help each other grow along with our clients!Living the Intertech brand through top quality results and client relationshipsAssuring our customer’s growth through delivery of projects and training and development of client staff.Requirements3-7 years of solid software development experienceTotal commitment to Intertech’s values of attitude, commitment, and excellenceDevelopment experience in enterprise applicationsA Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Math, or science-related fieldAn understanding and knowledge of .Net, Web Services, WPF, WCF, MVC, Patterns/OO Design, and Web FrameworksAdditional experience with most of the following:VB.NETVisual StudioJavaScript.NET Framework 4.0 and/or 4.5, XML, AJAXC#ASP.NETAgile Design PatternsHTMLCSSMS SQL ServerWhy Intertech? Does business transparency, great work, a unique set of benefits, and work/life flexibility sound good? Then, we should talk. We actually take pride in making employees happy, as proven by our numerous employee satisfaction awards. Joining Intertech not only means joining an award-winning company culture, but it means working on great projects with great customers. We truly believe the projects and clients, matter. Here are a few other fun benefits that come along with a job at Intertech: Cool Perks3-month paid sabbaticals$1500 home office setup stipendWork from home, when projects/clients allowFully stocked break rooms with free food and drinkQuarterly, catered company dinners and business reviewOpen and transparent communications within the firm which means you have a voice in the strategy and direction of the companyAn environment that allows staff growth personally and professional through challenging projectsThe BasicsFull medical, dental, long/short-term disability, and life insurance benefits401K with company matchPaid time off and sick timeBonuses for utilizationAnd more… (oh yeah, we've won a few awards too)  Company AwardsThe Business Journal, Great Places to Work (13 time winner)Star Tribune, Top 100 Workplace (5 time winner)Minnesota Business Magazine, 100 Top Employers (5 time winner)Inc. 5000, One of the Fastest Growing Firms in America (7 time winner)Star Tribune, Top 100 Workplace Special Award Winner (Ethics)* No recruiters\placement firms please. Intertech, Inc, is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disabled/Verteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Need More Reasons to Explore Intertech? Watch This.
Huawei is a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider. Through our dedication to customer-centric innovation and strong partnerships, we have established end-to-end advantages in telecom networks, devices and cloud computing. We are committed to creating maximum value for telecom operators, enterprises and consumers by providing competitive solutions and services. Our products and solutions have been deployed in over 170 countries, serving more than one third of the world’s population. Huawei has over 150,000 employees, approximately 70,000 of which are engaged in Research & development. Huawei operates a global network of 14 regional headquarters, 16 R&D Centers, 28 Innovation Centers jointly operated with customers, and 45 Training Centers. Huawei is leading the way by rethinking the future. From devices to telecom infrastructure to cloud computing and convergence solutions, we are rethinking every link in the chain with ICT based innovation to deliver a better future...faster. Software Developer/Architect, Query Engine Location: Bellevue, WA (R&D) Req #: 9109 # of Openings: 1 Description About this position  The Big Data Platform team at the Huawei Seattle Cloud Computing Competence Center is seeking a software developer/architect to conduct research/development in Big Data Analytics, Query Optimization, and Distributed Computing Systems.  We are interested in all components of a large scale big data management system — query compilation, query optimizer, code generation, execution engine, scheduler, storage format, concurrency control, etc.  We are leading researchers and engineers from worldwide to create an adaptive and high performance big data engine for real world applications running on the cloud.  It enables one to work with team members with backgrounds in database server development, Big Data, Distributed Systems, adaptive query processing, Business Intelligence, parallel architecture. etc., as well as collaborating with academic partners in universities. We encourage software engineers actively creating software to solve real-world problems, and contributing to high-quality open-source communities, and actively publishing papers. We are recruiting an experienced software engineer/architect with multi-disciplinary backgrounds in computer science, computer engineering, or related fields. ResponsibilitiesDesign, develop and improve large scale big data engineWork with big data analytics team providing technical leadershipDevelop query engine including query compilation, query optimization, and code generationImplement and benchmark query executionsImprove performance of our adaptive engine on various platformsProvide technical guidance to your fellow team members Desired Skills and Experience  Preferred Technical and Professional Experience 1+ years experience in cluster environment5+ years in database engine developmentStrong knowledge/experience with Hadoop/Hive/Spark cluster systemStrong desire to apply your knowledge in the big data technology stackGood knowledge on cluster resource management systems Yarn/Mesos is a plus.Good knowledge on cloud computing is a plus.Experience with Spark/Scala is a plus.Experience in Big Data frameworks is a plus. Required Education: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related fields  Preferred Education: MS or Doctorate Degree  Travel Required: Around 10%  Locations available: Seattle, WAHuawei Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Why work for us?In 2015, Huawei's revenue reached CNY395 billion (US$60.8 billion based on the year-end exchange rate), an increase of 37% (YOY)We invest in engineering and innovation - 70,000+ of our 150,000+ global employees work in R&DGlobally ranked #1 for International Patent SubmissionsWe continually invest heavily in global community involvement programsWe support green energy - Lowered CO2 emissions by 13,000 tons via Huawei’s green packaging solutionsEngaged in over 100 research projects with 50+ Universities in the United States Are you a returning applicant?Previous Applicants:Email:Password: If you do not remember your password click here. Back to Search Results New SearchCopyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 1998-2017. All rights reserved.
 Quest Integrity, a global leader in inspection and engineering services, is seeing a Software Developer to support Quest Integrity’s growing Pipeline Analysis Services team. This position will work closely with in-line inspection (ILI) data analysts to develop new software that supports company growth.  The Software Developer will program high performance software that uses a lot of math, physics and logic skills that you learned but rarely get to use in most corporate programming positions.  Quest Integrity offers a truly challenging work environment with abundant opportunities for you to demonstrate your abilities, learn new skills, and take pride in building world class software. We welcome new ideas and value your enthusiasm to do what it takes to deliver superior results.  The position is located in Stafford, TX. DUTIES and RESPONSIBILITIESDefine, design and implement new applications that support in-line inspection (ILI) run comparison tasks and deliverablesCollaborate with team members to help develop the vision for a new product, providing creative and technical insight throughout the projectProvide continual assessment and review of testing and integration plans to ensure the solutions meet the business need and are working as designedAbility to take ownership of a projectKNOWLEDGE and SKILL REQUIREMENTSPassion for software developmentBachelor’s degree with majors in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or EngineeringRelational Databases and SQL requiredMust be strong in Java, .NET/C# , C/C++ or VB.NETMust be open to learning a new programming language if neededKnowledge of Pipeline Integrity and familiarity with current US pipeline regulations and standards a plusStrong math, physics and logic skills preferredHighly motivated self-starter and can do attitude who thrives in a dynamic and collaborative environmentDemonstrated ability to solve challenging problems, showing innovation, creativity, and driveExcellent ability to communicate and interface with colleagues and ability to maintain company and customer confidentiality

Job Posting TitleSoftware EngineerSummaryJoin Aristocrat in a Software Engineering role, working with some of the leading minds in the tech and creative space.What you'll doSoftware development role requiring knowledge and application of software engineering best practises that will be used to support the studios production and prototyping deliverables.Deliver production quality software solutions using best practices & appropriate methodologies in accordance with agreed production schedules & quality targets.Develop prototypes of new functionality, assist with the maintenance of existing code-bases, document & support knowledge capture/sharing, contribute to continuous improvement effortsIdentify and protect innovation through patent application, innovate through the provision of technical insight during collaboration, provide software solutions to enable new game types & functionalities.Maintain, enhance and implement software development best practices and processes.What we're looking forBSc or higher in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent degree2+ Years of commercial software design and development experience2+ Years’ experience using C or C++ to develop embedded applicationsExperience in C# .Net, Silverlight, Macromedia Flash, OpenGL, DirectX or other 3D engine frameworks is highly favourableExposure to graphics tools such as Adobe suite is highly desirableThis is a truly exciting and creative software development role in an interesting and dynamic industry, and provides a real opportunity for someone with an interest in working with creative leaders.Why Aristocrat?World Leader in Gaming EntertainmentRobust benefits packageGlobal career opportunitiesOur core values: Respect, Courage, Integrity and PassionOur Winning WaysUnite - Come together as one team, with one visionDevelop - Empower, inspire and grow our peopleDeliver - Execute with excellence, be accountable for resultsPlay - Be creative, celebrate successThe US based roles may require registration with the Nevada Gaming Control Board (NGCB) and/or other gaming jurisdictions in which we operate.LocationBrookvaleJob familySoftwareContract TypeRegularTime TypeFull time
Why this job is important?Come work with us and build better software for small businesses. Small business owners are our friends, our family, and we want to see them succeed. Our goal is to help them market to and communicate with their customers, by giving them simple, effective tools, that they can easily learn and use.What will you learn on this job?You'll be working with other developers who, like you, care about understanding people's needs and turning those into easy to use products.You'll learn a lot about software design and development, code quality and system reliability, product management, and user experience.If you * You are passionate about product as much as the technology that makes it possible* You are curious about exploring new ideas, enjoy learning and teaching others* You take ownership of features, from early design all the way to delivery* You would rather ship quality code than spend all day fixing bugs* You strive to collaborate and work at a steady, sustainable paceWe'll provide you with * A focused, long-term product roadmap* Feedback from real customers who use our product daily* The tools/environment to help you ship software with ease* Mentorship and skill building on code/software engineering* The space to research and explore new ideasAs lead, you're also responsible for * Contributing to the product roadmap and architecture* Mentoring team members and helping them work through challenges/blockers* Coordinating with other teams, including support, marketing, sales* Researching new technologies, and helping us improve our craftLast but not least We're located in Uptown Oakland, footsteps from BART.Some stuff we're using: Node.js, JavaScript (ES2017), Functional Programming, TDD, Express.js, CircleCI, MongoDB, Redis, Heroku, AWS Lambda, Github, Zube, Salesforce.Did you know most people who apply never read the whole job description? Since you have, can you tell us what the weather is like where you live?Broadly is committed to providing and promoting equal opportunity for all employees and applicants. We comply fully with the spirit, as well as the letter, of all applicable local, state, and federal laws and regulations implementing the national objective of equal employment opportunity. Broadly does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, citizenship status, national origin, ancestry, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, age, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, marital or domestic partner status, veteran status, political or religious affiliations, height, weight, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Extreme Engineering Solutions is seeking motivated software developers for both front-end and back-end development and support. Working within a small, agile team, you will have the opportunity to create apps that have a direct impact on the company’s engineering, manufacturing, and business processes through contributions to the following areas: Business Applications – using open source Symfony PHP framework with MySQL databaseEnterprise Applications – using open source Odoo (formerly OpenERP) framework with PostgreSQL database Duties and Responsibilities Specific responsibilities include:Analyze business processes to create applications that support end-user needsConsult with stakeholders at all levels of the organization to gather requirements and develop plans for upgradesUtilize your range of programming languages and skills to enhance existing tools or add features that support changing business needsCollaborate with other development team members to create next-generation software solutionsDesired QualificationsExperience with one or more modern high-level programming language (PHP, C#, Python, Ruby)Knowledge of object-oriented programmingBachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field is preferredSkilled at troubleshooting and debugging existing codeAble to work effectively both within a team environment and as an individual contributorKnowledge of Event Based Programming, Domain Driven Design, Service Oriented Architecture, MVC, and other modern Design Patterns is a plus Compensation and Benefits  Extreme Engineering Solutions offers a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits, including group health and dental insurance, 401k, and paid vacation.

Business Line Government Position Title Software Developer  United States of America - California  Point Mugu Job Summary AECOM is seeking an Airborne Electronic Attack Software Developer with 0-4 years of experience in support of NAVAIR efforts in Point Mugu, CA.  Must be knowledgeable in developing software application using share-point 2013,C## and workflow (0-4 Years)  Collect User Requirement and provide user support.  Develop documentation and training presentation Minimum Requirements Minimum Requirements  Experience in software implementation and release. Familiarity with MS Office , SharePoint 2013 and workflow.  Great communication and customer service skills. Ability to multi-task& support multiple priorities. Strong Analytical and Problem Solving Skills. Excellent teamwork and interpersonal skills. Strong technical skills including understanding of software development principles. Hands-on experience through coursework or experience. Ability to quickly adapt to a changing environment and learn new concepts and software is necessary.  Candidate should be a self-motivated, independent, detail oriented, responsible team-player.  BS computer science.  Ability to maintain and have current Secret Clearance Preferred Qualifications Hands-on experience through coursework or experience.  Ability to lead , manage and motivate others  Previous experience supporting Navy government systems What We Offer AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow.  AECOM is an equal opportunity employer and Minorities, Females, Veterans, and Disabled persons are encouraged to apply. For further information, please click here to view the EEO Is The Law poster. NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY AGENCIES:Please note that AECOM does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Recruitment Fee Agreement, AECOM will not consider or agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, AECOM explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of AECOM.Job CategoryEngineering - Electrical / ElectronicCountryUnited States of AmericaPosition StatusFull-TimeRequisition/Vacancy No.159993BR
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
 At Sonos, we are passionate about creating and delivering the finest HiFi audio experiences to our customers. Our products stream all the music on earth, in every room, wirelessly, and you control it all from the palm of your hand. Its easy to use, but keeping things simple and bug free is hard work.  We work closely with user experience experts to develop UX-centric applications that connect people to music. Software Engineers working on mobile applications and web services collaborate with some of the brightest minds across multiple disciplines in software, hardware, and design. Our teams learn from our users as we constantly improve their experience - making it easier to find and listen to their music out loud in their home.  As a Software Engineer you will be responsible for improving the Sonos applications to seamlessly play what listeners want to hear where they want to hear it. You will join one of several teams that is evolving the Sonos mobile interaction experience.  If you love music, solving challenging software problems, and doing things the right way every time, wed like to talk to you.* Deliver professional customer-facing software, on schedule and with a high degree of quality. Be integral in the future of the Sonos interaction experience.Collaborate with other Software Engineers, User Experience Designers, Product Managers and Test Engineers to coordinate larger features.Ask questions, think on your feet, and absorb lots of information.Deliver simple, elegant solutions to complex problems.* Experience in software development using Java, Objective-C, or Swift.Exposure to C++.Experience developing on the Android and/or iOS platforms, with at least one app completed in a way you'd be proud to share.Exposure to or experience with network-connected apps.1-2 years of experience in software development, or at least one internship.Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline.
About us: Founded in 2010, Simplee is an enterprise software company driven by a mission to make healthcare consumer friendly. Simplees platform for patient financial care offers providers a consumer centric experience to payment and credit, improving satisfaction while delivering proven ROI. Our solution provides a comprehensive approach from pre to post service that consolidates money flows, facilities, and IT systems to shield consumers from back end complexities.  Today, Simplee serves a whos who of US healthcare providers representing leading brands representing billions in consumer payments across more than 200 hospitals and 1,100 physician clinics across the country. We touch nearly 5% of the U.S. population and are proud that 81% (and rising) of patients across Simplee customers report being very satisfied with their financial care. Our proprietary technology is award winning and frequently featured in the press.  Simplee is a privately held company backed by venture investors including Greylock (83North), Social Capital Partnership, The Heritage Group (strategic healthcare investor with large hospital systems as LPs), and American Express Ventures. The company received $20M series C funding in May 2016, and received $10M series B funding in September 2013. Previously, the company raised $6 million in a Series A in May 2012 and $1.8 million seed in April 2011.  Simplee is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, with regional sales offices, and maintains a development center in Tel Aviv, Israel. The opportunity: As our Solutions Developer you will handle the toughest technical solutions, working alongside Development and closely with both the Customer Success and the Product Management teams to develop the complex tools needed to ensure our solutions are successful and of the highest value to our customers. Responsibilities:Become a technical expert in our products, SimpleePAY, SimpleeESTIMATE and other Simplee applications, at a deep technical levelDevelop the tools and support ongoing technical evaluations and resolutions for real world user-based solutionsUse your technical expertise to develop internal tools for SimpleeTake ownership of technical solutions, working with our Development team to create new technical approaches and resolutionsReproduce, document and raise issues and bugs to the Development team, provide technical resolution as appropriateGather and analyze complex data points to resolve application issues or answer customer questions.Contribute to the development of serviceability toolsFrom time to time, provide in-depth and detailed technical support to Simplee customers to resolve technical issues and develop custom solutionsSome responsibility for off hours supportRequirements:Strong technical skills including:Ability to code and read code in Java, Ruby, C, C++ or other development languagesScripting in Ruby, Python, shell, or other common languages is a plusProficiency on Mac, Linux, and Windows platformsSQLWeb technologies5 or more years of experience working in solution development, automation development, presales or technical supportAbility to code and read code in any development language, Ruby is a plusAbility to manage challenging and technically complex customer interactions, demonstrating a logical approach to problem solvingExperience working within a startup is a plusSuperior analytical and problem solving skillsProven ability to communicate complex technical conceptsAbility to work closely with remote development teamsTeam-orientated and collaborative by natureExcellent written and oral communication skillsAble to manage multiple tasks with competing prioritiesBenefitsCompetitive compensation including stock optionsUnlimited paid time offFully stocked kitchens with snacks galore401(K) matchingMedical/Dental/Vision insuranceLife Insurance and disability benefits Simplee is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 POSITION DESCRIPTION  Cority leverages its cutting-edge SaaS-based technology and broad EHS product suite to partner with organizations around the world to effect meaningful change in the way environmental, health, and safety is managed. Cority stands by its customers as they attain performance goals, reduce EHS risks, enhance corporate productivity, and create a healthier workforce. The company has received many accolades for its strong employee culture and outstanding growth rate including recognition as one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies; being shortlisted for the Canadian Chamber of Commerce’s Private Business Growth Award; and being named by Aon Hewitt as one of the Best Employers in Canada.  POSITION SUMMARY:  Cority is looking for a Software Developer to be a part of our existing team. We are very interested in individuals who have a track record of finding creative solutions to unique problems and who thrive in challenging situations. We take the success of our customers incredibly seriously and our team is a critical part of this success. We are looking for absolutely and only the best people.  Reporting to the Development Manager, the Software Developer is primarily responsible for designing and modifying base Cority software, as well as working with Product Development to develop software to meet client needs.  RESPONSIBILITIES:  •Designs and develops new software and modifies and enhances existing software for clients’ systems, and for Cority’s base software.  •Communicates directly with Cority clients to ensure that requirements and specifications are understood fully.  •Reviews completed software designs or prototypes with clients.  •Tests software and ensures that completed work correctly meets requirements.  •Works in conjunction with other developers on development projects and ensures that their work is compatible with, and does not duplicate the work of others.  •Diagnoses and repairs software problems or bugs, and assists clients with technical problems and helps to resolve those problems.  •Creates software versions and ships to clients.  QUALIFICATIONS:  •Must have a university degree in computer science or a related program with equivalent work experience.  • 5 years’ experience in developing software.  •Previous experience in the field of occupational health and safety is an asset.  •Experience in the development of database applications using relational database systems such as Oracle and SQL Server is also required.  •Proven experience in a leadership capacity demonstrating project management skills/multi-tasking  •Strong interpersonal and communication skills, creative thinker  •Knowledge of Web development software including .Net and C# is required.  •Experience with ASP.NET MVC4/5, NHibernate/Entity Framework, JQuery, Ajax, Web Services, JavaScript, OLAP cubes building and administering is an asset.  • Server-side experience in Java or ColdFusion is a plus.
Job DescriptionAs a software or application developer within the VGM Group one will be responsible for developing internal applications for use by the VGM companies and critical to our company’s growth. We are looking for an individual with 3+ years software development work experience using .Net, ASP.Net MVC, ADO.Net or Entity Framework; SQL Server 2008/2012 experience is a plus. Reports to: Development Supervisor Hours: Full-Time: Monday – Friday 8-5 PM+ Working Location: Waterloo, IA Benefits VGM Group, Inc. is 100% employee owned. As an employee of VGM individuals receive: Gifted Employee Stock Ownership,401k and ROTH 401k with up to 3% company match,Health Benefits, HSA options - single to family, Dental, Vision, Short and Long-Term Disability, Term Life and Voluntary Life Insurance., Flexible Spending Account,Paid maternity and maternity leave,Free Walk-in Clinic to all employees & family members regardless of carrying VGM Insurance,PTO (Paid Time Off),LifeLock Identity Theft Management,Paid holidays. ResponsibilitiesThese are the responsibilities expected of an applicant interested in this position. As a team member of VGM’s Corporate IT, individuals provide programming support and application development and maintenance to current and new applications. Heavy focus will be placed on CRM software and tools. Adheres to and supports development standards in place within the development teamAssists in logical and physical database design.Participate in the requirements gathering meetings.Participate in code review sessions.Solve business problems through technology. QualificationsApplicants are expected to meet these qualifications to be considered for this position. Bachelors in CS is highly preferred along with 3+ years of accomplished experience working in software development. Experience coding .Net applications, ASP.Net, MVC, ADO.Net or Entity Framework. In addition, JavaScript / jQueryStrong experience and understanding of object oriented development principles.Experience with Visual Studio, Team Foundation Server, and TFS Source Control.Relevant Microsoft Certification a bonus.SQL Server 2008/2012 desiredStrong conceptualization, analytical, and logic skills.Must excel at working with peers within a team environment.Ability to meet project plan timelines and produce a high quality product.Ability to take individual initiative and accountability for assignments.Ability to adapt to changing priorities.Ability to quickly learn and apply new tools and technologies.Provides effective communication regarding issues, objectives, initiatives and performance.Strong interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills required.Find out more about VGM Information Technology at forbin.com/it-services Apply Now
 Tired of the same old job? Do you want to learn about a business inside and out, not just a small piece? Are you ready to break the mold and gain deep experience? If the answer is yes, come join the TradePMR team!  TradePMR is a growing Fintech company in the expanding register investment advisor (RIA) space. We've experienced outstanding year-over-year growth and are known in our industry for our innovative technology and market-leading service to our customers. TradePMR is recognized by Glassdoor as having a 4.6 Rating on Employee Reviews! We are looking for creative, passionate software engineers to build the next generation SaaS platform for financial advisors and retail investors!  As a full-stack developer, you will enhance our advisor technology using the MERN stack (Mongo DB, Express, React, and Node), HTML5, and CSS3. Embrace code quality by using modern testing tools like Cucumber and Jasmine. Experience the power of the cloud while using Amazon Web Services (AWS) to build out environments, run scenarios, and communicate between microservices. Location: Gainesville, FL, United States Position Type: Full-time/Regular Responsibilities:Develop customer facing products (responsive websites)Build high-performance, highly available and scalable distributed systemsBridge the gap between user requirements and technical designLead the charge in UX discussion and testingBe a team player / laugh and have fun / strive to get betterBe wildly creative and inventive!Experience:Strong knowledge of JavaScript frameworks like, React, Angular, or JQueryComfortable working with Node.js and Mongo DBHTML5 CSS, DOM traversal/manipulation, event capturingFamiliarity with Haml, Slim, Ajax, partial page updates, and async request handlingExtremely strong UX skills with Mobile First approachWorking in an agile scrum development teamTesting tools (Cucumber, Jasmine, Optimizely)WordPress (nice to have)Work with some of the best and brightest in the Fintech space, and enjoy these perks:Flexible paid vacationWork from home policyBlueCross/BlueShield Medical & Dental Insurance401(k) with a 5% employer matchCasual Dress policyCompany laptopRefreshments available on demandSharpen the knife: Attend conferences and courses to keep your mind sharp
 At Sonos, we are passionate about creating and delivering the finest HiFi audio experiences to our customers. Our products stream all the music on earth, in every room, wirelessly, and you control it all from the palm of your hand. Its easy to use, but keeping things simple and bug free is hard work.  We work closely with user experience experts to develop UX-centric applications that connect people to music. Software Engineers working on mobile applications and web services collaborate with some of the brightest minds across multiple disciplines in software, hardware, and design. Our teams learn from our users as we constantly improve their experience - making it easier to find and listen to their music out loud in their home.  As a Software Engineer you will be responsible for improving the Sonos applications to seamlessly play what listeners want to hear where they want to hear it. You will join one of several teams that is evolving the Sonos mobile interaction experience.  If you love music, solving challenging software problems, and doing things the right way every time, wed like to talk to you.* Deliver professional customer-facing software, on schedule and with a high degree of quality. Be integral in the future of the Sonos interaction experience.Collaborate with other Software Engineers, User Experience Designers, Product Managers and Test Engineers to coordinate larger features.Ask questions, think on your feet, and absorb lots of information.Deliver simple, elegant solutions to complex problems.* Experience in software development using Java, Objective-C, or Swift.Exposure to C++.Experience developing on the Android and/or iOS platforms, with at least one app completed in a way you'd be proud to share.Exposure to or experience with network-connected apps.1-2 years of experience in software development, or at least one internship.Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
If your first thought when encountered by any daily inefficiency is “I could write a program that is better than this….” then this job is for you! (It’s ok if you never actually get around to writing that program. We get it.)WHAT YOU’LL DO:Design, develop, test, and maintain production-level enterprise applications deployed to cloud infrastructureExtend open-source libraries and systems as necessary to meet the needs of the teamDesign and implement functionality that spans from storage to middleware to browserCreate interactive Web-based user interface components and data visualizationsWork closely with customers and teammates to rapidly build, test, and deploy new capabilitiesTASKS YOU MIGHT WORK ON:Investigate ways to model historical event behavior to provide baselines for comparison when visualizing current event activityStand up an instance of Zeppelin for an Apache Spark cluster on AWS and write a Spark analytic that summarizes event data stored in AWS S3 and writes the results to ElasticsearchBuild and maintain a streaming ETL infrastructure capable of reliably processing thousands of events a second and writing them to a clustered Kafka topicWHY WE SHOULD TALK:You love technology (eg. MEAN, LAMP, ELK, Spark, Storm, Cassandra, Hadoop, AWS, and more)You’ve got a solid foundation in development, and aren’t tied to one language or framework—we’re using Java, JavaScript, C++, PHP, Python, HTML, CSS, AngularJS and Spring (among others)You’re tired of refactoring someone else’s code built on ancient technologyYou want to work in a lively yet laid-back environment full of people who love learning (and craft beer/fine coffee)You’re tired of being bored at work; and you remember when coding used to be funYou want to build stuff people actually useBecause tabs > spaces. Because spaces>tabs. ugh, nevermind… O_oYou’re a U.S. Citizen and want to obtain a high-level security clearanceTL;DRDo you love to code? Doesn’t matter if it’s the front-end, back-end, storage, analytics. You love it all? You’re in the right place—so do we!WHAT YOU’LL DO:Design, develop, test, and maintain production-level enterprise applications deployed to cloud infrastructureExtend open-source libraries and systems as necessary to meet the needs of the teamDesign and implement functionality that spans from storage to middleware to browserCreate interactive Web-based user interface components and data visualizationsWork closely with customers and teammates to rapidly build, test, and deploy new capabilitiesTASKS YOU MIGHT WORK ON:Investigate ways to model historical event behavior to provide baselines for comparison when visualizing current event activityStand up an instance of Zeppelin for an Apache Spark cluster on AWS and write a Spark analytic that summarizes event data stored in AWS S3 and writes the results to ElasticsearchBuild and maintain a streaming ETL infrastructure capable of reliably processing thousands of events a second and writing them to a clustered Kafka topicWHY WE SHOULD TALK:You love technology (eg. MEAN, LAMP, ELK, Spark, Storm, Cassandra, Hadoop, AWS, and more)You’ve got a solid foundation in development, and aren’t tied to one language or framework—we’re using Java, JavaScript, C++, PHP, Python, HTML, CSS, AngularJS and Spring (among others)You’re tired of refactoring someone else’s code built on ancient technologyYou want to work in a lively yet laid-back environment full of people who love learning (and craft beer/fine coffee)You’re tired of being bored at work; and you remember when coding used to be funYou want to build stuff people actually useBecause tabs > spaces. Because spaces>tabs. ugh, nevermind… O_oYou’re a U.S. Citizen and want to obtain a high-level security clearanceTL;DRDo you love to code? Doesn’t matter if it’s the front-end, back-end, storage, analytics. You love it all? You’re in the right place—so do we!
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
 Junior Software Developer Job Description Are you looking to join a tightknit development team where you can play a major role in driving the growth and efficiency of a mid-size company? Do you want to leverage web technologies to create robust productivity tools while expanding upon your experience with a variety of top technologies? If so, we want to speak with you!  We are seeking a full-time Junior Software Developer to help design, build, maintain, and improve our proprietary suite of tools. Our suite is used internally to empower our employees to efficiently scale our clients’ online presence.  As a Junior Developer at ROI Revolution, your coworkers are your clients. The short feedback loop, implementation of new features, and chance to allow your co-workers to perform their jobs better and faster is truly gratifying. You will get to work closely with both code and people by providing direct troubleshooting support to those using our tools and through pair programming with other members of the Engineering team. You will have the opportunity to work on tools built using JavaScript (Node), Ruby (Rails), Elixir (Phoenix), VBA, and more that communicate with major advertising platforms such as Google AdWords, Bing Ads, and Yahoo Gemini. Our next Junior Software Developer will enjoy getting to switch between multiple languages and frameworks, always choosing the right tool for the job.  As part of the development team, you will work to maintain expert-level knowledge of various technologies, stay on top of industry trends to understand what new challenges the client services teams are facing, and research what tools could help alleviate such challenges. If you have intense intellectual curiosity, are self-motivated and proactive, you’ll enjoy working every day on our Engineering team!  Sound like fun? Submit your resume and cover letter online today! Essential Qualifications:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a bachelor’s degree in Math, Physics, Electrical Engineering or related major, plus a minor in Computer Science.Mastery of the English language demonstrated by clear and concise verbal, written, and electronic communication skills.
 The Eye Tracking Team is looking for a Software Developer who can augment our team of leading tracking experts by taking on a broad scope of software development tasks including: maintaining and distributing our code base for other research teams, supporting integration of new hardware and software systems, and managing external software development resources. In addition, they will take part in documentation of code and ownership of projects where other teams need access to eye tracking resources. Responsibilities:Packaging and maintaining software solutions for internal resourcesStreamlining and documenting eye tracking code base for easier integration and distributionGetting new firmware and drivers up and running within the code baseWorking with internal firmware and other resources to get new hardware onlineMaintaining code bases for projects where other teams need access to eye tracking team resourcesManaging external software resourcesMininum Qualifications:BS in Computer Science or a related technical field10+ years general software development experience5+ years experience working in a cross-functional software development environment that includes hardware and software integrationC++ coding skillsExperience with computer vision, image processing, or 3D data processingPreferred Qualifications:Experience with analysis of large data sets

 Job Description Software Engineers create next generation software solutions to support business areas across the firm. Software Engineers work closely with business leaders to develop and deliver custom software solutions that optimize performance and efficiency.Key Responsibilities:Design, develop, test, and deploy elegant software solutions across the firmPartner with business leaders to define priorities and deliver custom solutionsSkillset Requirements:A deep passion for technology and software developmentProficiency within one or more programming languages including C, C++, Python, R, C# or JavaScriptExperience with some of the following: Distributed Computing, Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Platform Development, Networking, System Design, and/or Web DevelopmentBachelor’s, Master’s or PhD degree in Computer Science or equivalent experienceStrong written and verbal communications skillsOpportunities available in Chicago, London, New York About Citadel SecuritiesCitadel Securities is a leading global market maker across a broad array of fixed income and equity securities. Our world-class capabilities position us to meet the liquidity demands of our diverse group of institutional clients in all market conditions. In partnering with us, our clients, including asset managers, banks, broker-dealers, hedge funds, government agencies and public pension programs are able to gain a powerful trading advantage and are better positioned to meet their investment goals.  The team makes its mark every day from our offices around the world: Chicago, New York, London, Hong Kong, Toronto, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Sydney, Dublin. Apply NowApply
 Rudolph Technologies is seeking a dynamic individual to implement and drive our software product development process. We are a seasoned team of software engineers working on leading edge semiconductor manufacturing control technologies. We need a top tier development operations engineer to manage our software production. Setup and administer essential applications to support software builds, source control, code reviews, specification management and defect trackingIdentify, build, and administer robust solutions running on Linux to enhance your team’s overall effectiveness, and quickly learn different toolsets and frameworks for doing so.Install, migrate and administer product test environments in support of internal development and quality activitiesManage virtual machines used to develop, manage and test the Rudolph products.Manage the software build processManage the transmittal of release candidates to QA, Manufacturing, and other internal customersInstall and manage product demo systemsActively collaborate with corporate IT to define, support and administer Linux based systems that support the needs of the Rudolph team.Provide backup operational support to corporate ITSelect and configure new Linux platformsBachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related fieldExperience in the semiconductor industry is a plus5 years minimum experienceFluent in Linux. Able to install and maintain Linux systems. Comfortable in Linux as a home environment.Linux based scripting skills (bash, etc)Ability to configure local area network devicesCapable of managing and maintaining a JIRA based ticket-tracking system.Deep knowledge of ClearCase including branching and labeling methodologiesExpertise in developing RPM packages.Knowledge of code development tools such as Vim, Eclipse and CodeBlocks.Working knowledge of C++, python, WxWidgetsVirtual machine environments such as Oracle Virtual BoxA deep understanding of challenges of supporting Linux along with R&D applications running on Linux; plus needing to integrate the Linux environment into a back-office Windows environment. No Relocation Available for this Position.  No Agency submissions accepted.
 Fuse Integration is looking for an experienced software engineer with a familiarity with languages such as Javascript, HTML, and CSS. This is an opportunity to join our energetic and team-focused engineering team in developing innovative hardware/ software solutions from initial prototype to final production. This role will design and implement web software solutions.  Ideal candidates will have experience with Node.js and javascript and a wide range of hands-on experience developing and implementing technical projects from software/ web applications to enterprise-level solutions.  Supported development efforts can include front end design, database design, access control management, GUI development, writing test scripts, and system analysis and functional testing,. Experience in agile, professional SW development environments utilizing revision control, test driven development, and continuous integration is desired. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Develop software and the artifacts associated with software developmentImplement high level designs in robust, maintainable softwareCreate modules, install software on target nodes, and deploy configuration filesDesign and develop real-time data applications (such as dashboard visualization, report generation and data review applications)Design and develop data polling / data pushing architectures Develop testing scrips  Support functional and system level testing  Support network design and configurationDesign and develop client-side / server-side / database integration  Use Fuse CM system software infrastructure (Git, Trac, Jenkins, Peer Reviews)Work closely with the operational Project Management team to maintain successful development sprints and stay on scheduleREQUIRED:3-5 years of experience in web software developmentBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field (Computer, Software, Math, Physics, Electrical, etc.)Knowledge of open source technologies and protocolsProgramming experience with Javascript and Node.jsMust be able to work locally in San Diego.U.S. Citizenship is a requirement.Active Secret Clearance or the ability to obtain Secret Clearance is a requirementHIGHLY DESIRED: CSS, HTML, Jquery, MVC architecture, Single page web application (SPA), Websockets, SQL, REST APIs. Responsive web design, LESS/SASS, Handlebars, and Templating frameworks (e.g. Ember, React, Angular), Linux
Company: DigiCert, Inc.  Lehi, Utah Contact: Please email a résumé to hr@digicert.com. Position: Software Engineer Intern Description: One of the fastest-growing and successful companies in Utah is looking for a Software Engineer Intern to join its ranks. Responsibilities: Gain an in-depth understanding of DigiCert products and solutions  Work in an agile, cross-functional team to develop new product features  Design efficient code according to software development best practices and architectural standards  Debug and troubleshoot product issues and respond promptly and professionally to defect reports  Be an advocate of the development process, software security, and DigiCert Required Qualifications: Expertise and experience building RESTful web services  Familiar with one or more of the following languages: Java, PHP or C++  Experience with Tomcat, Jetty, or other web container technologies  Use of secure coding practices and methodologies  Passionate about unit testing and producing high quality code  Understanding of SSL, PKI, and other security related technologies  Strong knowledge in database design and SQL  High performance individual that is persistent and self-motivated to accomplish tasks  Strong interpersonal communication skills  Working toward bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline About DigiCert: DigiCert is a leading provider of scalable security solutions for a connected world. The most innovative companies, including the Global 2000, choose DigiCert for its expertise in identity and encryption for web servers and Internet of Things devices. DigiCert supports SSL/TLS and other digital certificates for PKI deployments at any scale through its certificate lifecycle management platform, CertCentral®. The company has been recognized with dozens of awards for its enterprise-grade management platform, fast and knowledgeable customer support, and market-leading growth.  DigiCert also provides a fun, casual, and flexible environment that emphasizes employee success. For our efforts, we have been awarded the Utah Best of State, Utah 100, UV50, Utah’s Best Places to Work, Best Companies to Work For, and the Alfred P. Sloan Award for Business Excellence in Workplace Flexibility. To help our employees thrive at work, we provide a fully stocked break room and catered meals, quarterly activities, competitive wages, and fun family activities outside the office. Each day, our employees are empowered to share their talents to help shape a better and more secure digital future for our world. If this appeals to you, come join an outstanding business with equally exceptional growth and opportunity!Software Engineer Intern was last modified: July 10th, 2017 by Charles Williams
 Palo Alto Networks® is the fastest-growing security company in history. We offer the chance to be part of an important mission: ending breaches and protecting our way of digital life. If you are a motivated, intelligent, creative, and hardworking individual, then this job is for you!  The Summer Internship Program includes: 1:1 mentorshipFun and engaging events that inspire your intellectual curiosityExpand your knowledge and work on challenging projectsConnect with other interns, recent grads, and employees across the company In the Dataplane Software team, you will participate in all phases of the product development cycle, from definition, design, through implementation and test. This includes developing functional specifications, system design, and assessing task requirements and scheduling to provide real world experience at a company that is the leader in network security. You will work with a team of experienced engineers on features that will be used in the core security products created by Palo Alto Networks.  Responsibilities: Based on your experience you will focus on Platform work including Linux kernel, HW bringup, and device drivers, Networking including L2-L4 protocols and policy, or Client Applications including iOS, Android, Mac, and Windows apps. Qualifications: Strong C programming experience and strong scripting skills with bash or python required.Knowledge of Linux OS and device drivers is a plusKnowledge of L2-L3 networking protocols and TCP/UDP is a plusiOS, Android, Mac, and/or Windows App development experience is a plusMust be pursuing a 4-year Undergraduate Degree or 2-year Master’s Degree majoring in CS, CE or EE. Must be returning to school in the Fall of 2018.Must have authorization to work in the United States
 We are a Silicon Valley start-up inviting you to join us in a development of the innovative cloud communication platform. Our goal is to help millions of people contacting companies by enabling modern communication channels such as mobile applications, text messages, web chat, social media and video conferencing. Our strong professional team brings the next generation contact center technology to the next level.  We are looking for Senior Java Engineers to join our strong professional team bringing the next generation contact center technology. Responsibilities:Senior Java Engineer will be responsible for design and development of one or several server-side components of our communications platformOwnership of design and development of on one or several system components of our multimedia real-time communication platform using technologies: Java, HTML5, GWT, jQuery, MySQL, MongoDBThis is a full-stack position, it requires development of both UI components and server-side codeRequirements:Good knowledge and practical experience in Java coding for at least 3 yearsGood knowledge of SQLGood knowledge of HTML/CSS/JavaScriptDesire to own a component and be fully responsible for its developmentAbility to work as a part of a distributed team in a large project with shared effortsNice to have:Experience using GWTDeep knowledge of JavaScript, jQueryFamilarity with Angular, React or similar technlogiesBasic knowledge of C++Experience using MongoDBLinux experience (development, operation, administration)Benefits:New development, innovative product, interesting projectsStrong professional teamGreat opportunity for personal development

Development OfficerJob PurposeUnder the direction of the Senior Development Officer the Development Officer will plan, coordinate and implement a comprehensive Annual Giving program. Person will have frequent interaction with donors, residents, family members, volunteers and fellow members of the St. Ann’s family. Exceptional customer service delivery is expected at all times.The most successful candidate will possess:An Associate’s DegreeSolid experience with planning and executing special events as well as annual giving campaigns.3-5 years’ experience working in a non - profit organization, preferably fundraising.Strong verbal and written communications skills, with an elevated comfort level speaking to customers/donors, both internal and external.Database management experienceExperience using Fundraising software, Raiser’s Edge, preferredAnnual Appeal: Plan, prepare and oversee donor solicitation programs. Develop and draft written materials including solicitation and acknowledgment materials. Provides leadership for Employee Campaign.Assists the Foundation Vice President and Senior Development Officers as requested. Plays a significant role in the Foundation’s interactions with donors, prospects and members of the public, especially during problem solving situations. Produces special publications as needed. Oversees department contributions to in-house newsletter.Serve as staff liaison for local United Way Campaign. Works closely with in-house champions to launch organization wide campaign. Coordinates volunteer support to provide solicitation materials.St. Ann’s is an equal opportunity employerWork collaboratively with the Sr. Development Officer to identify prospects that would qualify as major/planned giving prospects.Corporate Giving: Leads the Corporate Partnership Program by creating partnerships and building relationships with local businesses and organization vendors to secure sponsorships for events. Prepare all materials related to event sponsorship packages.Special Events: Execute and manage signature special event and all aspects of the annual donor recognition, patron reception and other fundraising events including forecasting and managing event budget, volunteer recruitment, program and logistics, solicitations and acknowledgements, securing event sponsorships and attendance management.Highlights of the Role 
Sitecore ArchitectAbout Intellinet  Intellinet is a management consulting and technology services firm that transforms the businesses of our clients through strategic, technology-enabled, business solutions with measureable bottom-line results has made us a trusted partner to some of the most familiar names in business. The foundation of Intellinet is our talented, dedicated employees.  Our Employment Promise  Intellinet aspires to be the best place any of our employees have ever worked. Our commitment to a great employment experience has earned us recognition as one of Fortune Magazine’s Best Workplaces & Best Workplaces for Flexibility, as well as one of Consulting Magazine'sBest Small Firms to Work For. For four consecutive years, Intellinet has also ranked as one of Atlanta Journal Constitution’s Top Workplaces.  Purpose-Driven Company  More than a collection of thousands of successful projects, we are a purpose-driven company that believes we can make an impact through transforming our client’s businesses, enriching our employees’ lives, and materially giving back to our communities. We are currently hiring a Sitecore Developer to add to our rapidly growing Application Solutions team. A successful candidate will have an extensive background leading, designing, developing, and delivering distributed solutions using a service oriented approach. This consultant will work with the Business Development Managers and Sales teams during sales and pre-sales activities.  You will participate in delivery as an architect, developer and delivery manager and work to ensure that the customer is properly positioned to take over maintenance and administration through comprehensive knowledge transfer activities and mentoring. At times you will be the technical lead on projects, responsible for making sure all development standards and processes are followed. You will also be expected to mentor less-experienced consultants.Required Skills  Bachelor’s Degree required; Computer Science, preferred or Information Systems. • Ability to create and install Sitecore packages, including publishing, workflow, custom fields, and media library items.Utilize Web API to serve Sitecore data to other clients.  • Microsoft .NET Framework Versions 2 – 4.5  • Design, develop and test web applications with .NET and Sitecore CMS, as well as HTML, CSS JavaScript and other technologies.  • Ability to explain complex concepts simply  • Quick learner with ability to research new concepts effectively  • Proven experience leading 1-5 developers  • Ability to work on multiple projects in parallel  • Ability to apply proven software patterns to solve practical problemsOtherTravel up to50%
Software Developer Bellevue, WA  Full time position FT Benefits(Medical + Dental + Vision + Paid leaves + Sick leaves)Job Description: Minimum Requirements:  Must have a minimum of a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field.  1 year of experience with the following:  Programming languages such as C#, C/C++, C, Java, and Python  DevOps tools such as PowerShell, TeamCity, MS Build, and Git  Web development technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, .NET, Node.js, databases, HTTP, REST, JSON, and XML Preferred Qualifications: Web-based collaboration tools, such as JIRA, Wiki, Confluence, SharePoint and Rally  Infrastructure, build systems, source control systems, database systems, and web technologies
 Software Development Engineer - Android/Mobile Location  WA, Seattle Division  Product Development Requisition ID 641Apply NowZonar's Mobile Team owns an ever-growing ecosystem of Android applications running on customized hardware. We are now working on moving that software from a custom-built tablet to the general Android ecosystem. In this role, you will help in this effort to bring our apps to a wider audience. These apps include tools to help truck and bus drivers inspect their vehicles, track their hours, navigate, communicate with their back office (among others). You will be helping to improve and extend existing UI, enhance security, and help us to migrate our applications modern Android OS versions. WHAT YOU WILL DO:Modify existing Android applications to run on a wider variety of devicesImplement better security measures to protect customer dataCollaborate with product owners to identify and make feature changes to take advantage of a better platformWHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE TEAM3 years or more of software development experienceStrong proficiency in Android SDK, Java, and related technologiesExperience developing Android applications with Android StudioExcellent verbal and written communication skillsBachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experiencePreferred, not requiredExperience writing unit tests for Android using tools like Dagger, Mockito, and RobolectricFamiliarity with iOS development in SwiftExperience working with an ecosystem of applications (vs. a stand-alone, self-contained application)ABOUT US Founded in 2001, Zonar has pioneered smart fleet management technology by providing innovative technology that has changed fleet operations in the vocational, pupil and commercial trucking industries. With a unique focus on this field, the Company offers a complete suite of solutions and specialized platforms for our customers in multiple markets. Our patented, award-winning technology keeps fleet owners and managers connected to their fleets and drivers to dispatchers. Zonar has a proven history of continuous innovation on behalf of our customers, providing products that efficiently and easily track commercial fleets and assets, streamline reporting and significantly increasing safety while saving cost. Leveraging a portfolio of 150+ patents, we are building upon these data and related analytics services to create the next generation of software and services for the 15M target customers in the US alone.  Headquartered in Seattle and majority-owned by technology company Continental, Zonar also has a Technology Development Center in downtown Seattle, a regional office in Cincinnati, and a distribution center outside of Atlanta. Our culture is based on ingenuity, leadership, teamwork, excellence, passion, integrity, and fun! Our company has grown to over 350 employees who are goal-oriented and fast-paced, but understand the importance of having a healthy work life balance. This is an excellent opportunity to work for a fast-paced, growing, innovative company, make a big impact on a rapidly evolving space, and have fun along the way.

 In this position, you will be part of a team of Software Engineers who are engaged in a large scale effort to design, develop, implement and support web based insurance applications. Responsibilities Include:Implement robust business applications to help us sell our insurance products, interact with our customers, and communicate electronically with our agents.Maintain awareness of internet trends, technologies and best practices.Be adept at problem solving, workflow analysis, interpersonal relations, and have excellent oral/written communications skills.Ability to direct others while promoting a spirit of partnership and collegiality across administrative and functional areas of the company.Contribute with hands on development.Qualifications:Minimum 1-2 years of experience in Object-Oriented software design and development.Minimum 1 year development experience in Java/J2EE technologies.Self-motivated and directed, with the ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.Analytical and problem-solving abilities, with keen attention to detail.Prior experience developing property & casualty applications a plus.Education:Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a related field. The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowners insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry.  The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,600 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of "A-/Excellent". 
Join our team and experience Workday! It's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they're doing. At Workday, we're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise applications. We work hard, and we're serious about what we do. But we like to have a good time, too. In fact, we run our company with that principle in mind every day: One of our core values is fun. Job DescriptionSoftware Engineer What if you can build the platform that powers business-critical transactions for Workday’s global customers? We want passionate developers who love technology, upward mobility and want to make an impact.  Our Platform Engineering organization is growing fast and we are looking for Software Engineers to join our team What a Software Engineer for our Platform Engineering team does at Workday:Architecture, designing, development and ownership of our core deployment platform. We’re passionate about open source software and ideally you’d want to contribute back to the open source ecosystem we’re part of. We use chef extensively as that’s our configuration management tool of choice and literally dozens of other tools and systems make up our platform. Our job is to improve these systems and keep them running. We predominantly write these systems in Ruby.Innovation and solving problems are always on our mind; our engineers are constantly evolving our systems and are motivated to rapidly deliver features to production.Collaboration is the key to success. Our small teams allow our Engineers to come up with quick and exciting solutions.Can you answer YES to some of these questions?Is an Object Oriented language your core development language?Have you worked with any of the following: Ruby, Python, Sinatra, Jenkins, Gerritt, Chef Development Kit, Elastic Search, Chef, Puppet, XML processing,Have a background developing on Linux or Unix-like systems (Solaris, BSDs etc)Have configuration management experienceHave you worked on large-scale, distributed, and highly concurrent systems?Do you have knowledge of methodologies, technologies and architectures employed by consumer internet applications? Apply and see if you have what it takes to be part of the revolution of cloud based, user-friendly enterprise software systems of tomorrow! Here are a few more details about the role:Develop the platform that drives core business transactions for some of the worlds biggest companiesWork on complex, backend Ruby componentsHelp the team continue in best practices in Development Operations and Continuous DeploymentBuild critical common deployment systems at scaleWork effectively in an Agile / Scrum methodology to deliver business value quickly and consistentlyLI-DA
About Rocket LawyerWe believe everyone deserves access to simple and affordable legal services.Founded in 2008, Rocket Lawyer is the largest and most widely used online legal service platform in the world. With offices in North America and Europe, Rocket Lawyer has helped over 20 million people create over 3 million legal documents, and answer over 30,000 legal questions.We are in a unique position to enhance and expand the Rocket Lawyer platform to a scale never seen before in the company’s history, to capture audiences worldwide. We are expanding our team to take on this challenge!About the RoleWe're searching for an experienced, passionate senior software engineer who wants to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with a talented agile team. As part of a cross-functional team consisting of a product manager, designer, and 4-6 software engineers and QA analysts, the senior software engineer is an active partner in the design, coding, unit testing, and release of new features and enhancements for our growing customer base.A Day in the Life Participate in defining our evolving global platform architectureDesign and build world-class software components, including: services, APIs, tooling, documentationGive feedback to and proactively seek it from your peers and stakeholdersWork with DevOps team to ensure smooth deploymentDemonstrate your work to internal and external audiencesBe active within the wider engineering communityExperience BSc or MSc degree in Computer Science, or equivalent5+ years experience in high-growth technology environmentsStrong command of Java and OO design and principlesStrong understanding and experience with Scala and functional programmingStrong understanding of microservices architectureExperience with containers and container orchestration tools (Docker, Kubernetes)Experience designing and developing RESTful services/APIsExperience working with RabbitMQ, Tomcat, and MySQL or PostgreSQLPracticed test-driven development utilizing unit testing frameworks and automated testing toolsExperience working in an agile/iterative environmentExperience with gitMust be proactive, self-sufficient, thorough and organizedDemonstrated success working with small, collaborative cross-functional teamsNice to have:Experience with software globalization, internationalization and localizationExperience with Elasticsearch, Redis and HBaseFamiliarity with Jenkins and ChefKnowledgeable in front-end web technologies such as HTML, CSS and JavascriptBenefits & Perks Fully paid Medical, Dental and Vision insurance for full-time employeesUnlimited PTO; take time when you need it and come back refreshedCompetitive salary packagesCommuter/Transit Program401k programFlexible Spending Accounts (Medical and Dependent Care)Life insurance and disability benefitsYour choice of a Mac or PCMonthly onsite masseuse sessions“Red Friday” catered lunchesCompany sponsored events, both on- and off-site
 DescriptionExperian API Center of Excellence team needs an experienced senior resource.  This individual must have 5+ years of Experience in B2B, B2C, B2E Integration using specific vendor Platforms DataPower, Apigee, Axway, TIBCO etc.  This role requires working with multiple Business Units in various roles to design & implement solution as per defined Reference Architecture and provide operational support (24*7) to the Platform.  The candidate should have in-depth knowledge/experience in recent technologies such: Microservices, AWS cloud hostingSecurity Standards like OAuth2, Open ID, SAML 2.0 etc. As well as working with and managing AGILE Scrum. Part of the job would also involve acting as a scrum master. Knowledge, Experience & Qualifications• Agile Scrum methodology and Atlassian Devops tools Strong Java/J2EE developmentDevelopment experience with DataPower and/or Apigee.Automation tools for build/deployment - maven, Jenkins etc.Experience with Scripting languages such as JavaScript, DataPower Gatewayscript, Python, Functional programming etc.DataPower Gateway IDG, XI52, XG45, Firmware 7.xApigee Edge, Microedge GatewayContainer Services - Docker, Kubernetes, Redhat Openshift etc.Event Streaming Frameworks such as Confluent Kafka, Storm, Apex etc.NoSQL Databases such as - Cassandra, MongoDB etc. Experian is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Anyone needing accommodation to complete the interview process should notify the talent acquisition partner. The word "Experian" is a registered trademark in the EU and other countries and is owned by Experian Ltd. and/or its associated companie 
 Location: Wilmington, United States  Date Posted: 05/Jan/18 Requisition: 2074955 Job Title: Software Engineer Intern Description: Agilent inspires and supports discoveries that advance the quality of life. We provide life science, diagnostic and applied market laboratories worldwide with instruments, services, consumables, applications and expertise. Agilent enables customers to gain the answers and insights they seek –– so they can do what they do best: improve the world around us. Information about Agilent is available at www.agilent.com.  We are looking for a talented Software Engineering Intern to join our R&D group at our Little Falls (Wilmington), Delaware site, located midway between Baltimore and Philadelphia. At this location, we have 800 people inventing, designing, building, and marketing products that dominate the market for Chemical Analysis and Life Sciences. Our products are frequently behind the headlines in the news, from environmental regulations to new drug discoveries to Homeland Security.  As a Software Engineering Intern in our R&D group, you'll be part of a team that designs and develops new products for Agilent's Gas Chromatograph, Automated Sample Handling and Automated Sample Preparation products. Your primary responsibilities will include the research, design, and development of software related to analytical instrument control, data acquisition, algorithms, desktop and embedded system applications and libraries, and tools for these products. You will also work closely with mechanical and electrical engineers, firmware engineers, other software engineers, and chemists to create complete systems.  You will apply your coursework and knowledge to a variety of hands-on projects. At the same time, you will gain and apply knowledge about Agilent's industry, infrastructure and products in your assignment. This is developing real world experience in a company that is a leader in the markets it serves. Qualifications: Required: Completed sophomore year at an accredited 4 year universityWorking towards Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fieldKnowledge of Object Oriented Analysis and Design conceptsExperience in one or more programming languages (C#, C++, Java)Experience in development for Windows or LinuxExperience in User Interface developmentAbility to work in a team environment Desired experience or knowledge in any of the following areas: Experience in development using .NET framework and Visual StudioExperience with network communications using TCP/IPKnowledge of waterfall and agile software development life cyclesExperience with revision control and source code management tools e.g., git, ClearCaseExperience with Qt for Device Creation Graphical User Interface toolsWeb Application Development with HTML5, CSS3, and one or more JavaScript frameworksMobile Application development – iOS, Android, WindowsKnowledge of database concepts and SQL Agilent Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We value diversity at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, pregnancy, race, religion or religious creed, color, gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, registered domestic partner status, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, local law, ordinance, or regulation and will not be discriminated against on these bases.  For more information about equal employment opportunity protections, please view the ‘EEO is the Law’ poster available here:  https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf,  https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf  Agilent Technologies, Inc., is committed to diversity in the workplace and strives to support candidates with disabilities. If you have a disability and need assistance with any part of the application or interview process or have questions about workplace accessibility, please contact +1-262-754-5030 (US and Canada only) or email job_posting@agilent.com. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability .Company: Business: Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group Job Category: *Internships Job Sub-Category: Internships Region: Americas Country or Area: United States State/Province: Delaware Town/City: Wilmington Shift: Day Job Job Type: Internship Schedule: Full-time Travel Required: No Duration  (Temp Positions Only): 0-3 months HR Country Location: United States HR Town/City Location : Wilmington
 We are seeking a Senior C++SoftwareDeveloper to help design, build, and operate our state of the art trading systems. Ideally, you’d work out of our Denver office. What will you be doing? As the member of a software project team, you will be doing work that directly affects our ability to trade every day. You will work with a strong team of developers & analysts that will create, maintain and support the tools and software that make up our mission-critical trading applications. On any given day you may find yourself doing the following: Writing low-latency, high-throughput C++ routines and librariesBuilding applications that leverage internal data to meet various reporting requirementsAnalyzing enormous amounts of dataLearning how exchanges work; learning how trading works; learning how Quantlab operatesWho are you?You are a continuous learner, passionate about technology and want to know how things workYou have a proven record of delivering high-quality software in modern C++ in a Linux environmentYou take initiative, own your work, and are persistent in following your products into productionYou develop manageable and maintainable software; you build things you’re proud ofYou are smart. Challenges excite you. You easily abstract simplicity from complex systemsYou leverage engineering best practices like Continuous Delivery and BDD for fast feedback and learning cyclesOur ideal candidates bring many of the following attributes to the table.You’re up to date on modern C++ standards and have been using C++11/14 professionally or in your personal projectsMany years of experience optimizing low latency code for nanosecond latenciesHave worked on the full stack including high speed network design, firmware, kernel modification, compiler modification, and distributed system designSeveral years of experience writing code using BDD/TDD processesThorough understanding of and experience with Continuous Delivery and DeploymentAre able to teach and elevate the team with existing knowledgeExperience in the automated trading domainWho we are: Quantlab is a dynamic, technology-driven firm supporting a large-scale quantitative trading operation across a wide range of global financial markets. Founded in 1998, Quantlab is an established presence and one of the pioneers in quantitative investment management with a track record of consistent profitability under varying market conditions.  Quantlab supports a very successful proprietary trading organization (similar to a hedge fund, but no outside investors, so we are much more stable). We invest heavily in the latest technologies, seeking to optimize performance and minimize latency throughout our trading systems. Why you should work with us: Technology and Scientific Research are central to our business and key to our success. We are constantly pushing the boundaries of technology, from high performance computing (HPC) clusters attached to petabytes of storage, to ultra-low latency hardware (FPGA, RF, servers and switches), to highly optimized operating systems, and applications developed in-house. Quantlab attracts very talented and collaborative people who bring fresh and interdisciplinary solutions to trading. Our business casual environment has an entrepreneurial spirit that encourages creativity, agility, and continuous improvement.
 Nexient is the largest domestic IT services provider, with core strength in Agile software development and transformation at scale. With four delivery centers in the US, we architect and build solutions that combine Agile expertise with Silicon Valley innovation to help our clients be more responsive to their market.  Software technology is accelerating the pace of change across all industries. At Nexient, we always look to the future. Ambitious and forward-leaning, we challenge ourselves, the status quo and our clients. In an IT consulting industry characterized by large, lumbering giants or low-cost, low-efficiency offshore shops, we embrace Agile thinking, speed-to-market and price performance to continuously deliver software. Role and ResponsibilitiesCreate software code, unit tests and assist with encoding, testing, debugging, and documentationUnderstand client requirements and prepare designs for translating those into software applicationsUses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionalityPerform installation of code releases and patches and write scripts or programs for IT applicationsExperience & Skills:2- 8 years of experience in programming primarily around ASP.NET, C# for application developmentStrong experience in object oriented design & development, Design Patterns, Multi-threading, OOAD Experience in C# and ASP.NET, including ASP.NET MVCExperience in MS Desktop technologies and in C#, WPF, MVVM, XAML, UX Design, LINQStrong experience implementing SOAP or REST servicesExperience with unit testing (nUnit, MSTest) (Test-first experience (TDD) a plus)Experience with Agile/Scrum a plusStrong written and verbal communication skillsPrior experience working on developing enterprise web applications for F500 corporations is a big plusBachelors degree in technical discipline. Master's degree is preferred.Benefits & Perks:Company sponsored health, dental, vision insurance and flexible spending account (FSA) for employees and their families including domestic partnersPaid Vacation Time and company holidays401K planLunch & LearnPassionate, collaborative and awesome co-workersWorld class training and career mentorship
 SchneiderElectric Software, LLC is a part of the Schneider Electric Group of companies.Schneider Electric is a leading manufacturer of equipment for electricaldistribution, industrial control, and automation. We have the followingposition available in Chicago, Illinois:  Software Developer: S/he will be responsible for the design anddevelopment of high performance enterprise software applications. S/he conductsprogramming in C# and ASP.NET using Microsoft Visual Studio, Team FoundationServer and MSBuild. This position requires a Master's degree in ComputerScience, Electrical Engineering, or related and five years of work experiencein designing, developing, testing high-speed real time data collection systemsusing C and C#. Also must have work experience with: 2 years of utilizingWinforms and WebForms; 5 years of utilizing Data structures, algorithms, anddesign patterns; 2 years of utilizing Oracle database management system; 2years of developing SQL and PL/SQL; 2 years of creating automated build scriptsin TFS; 4 years of utilizing Scaled Agile (SAFe framework) and Lean Agilepractices of software development lifecycles.  Any applicant who isinterested in this position or who was referred to this position may apply  bysubmitting a complete resume in English through this site. Req 00443V
Job DescriptionAs a software or application developer within the VGM Group one will be responsible for developing internal applications for use by the VGM companies and critical to our company’s growth. We are looking for an individual with 3+ years software development work experience using .Net, ASP.Net MVC, ADO.Net or Entity Framework; SQL Server 2008/2012 experience is a plus. Reports to: Development Supervisor Hours: Full-Time: Monday – Friday 8-5 PM+ Working Location: Waterloo, IA Benefits VGM Group, Inc. is 100% employee owned. As an employee of VGM individuals receive: Gifted Employee Stock Ownership,401k and ROTH 401k with up to 3% company match,Health Benefits, HSA options - single to family, Dental, Vision, Short and Long-Term Disability, Term Life and Voluntary Life Insurance., Flexible Spending Account,Paid maternity and maternity leave,Free Walk-in Clinic to all employees & family members regardless of carrying VGM Insurance,PTO (Paid Time Off),LifeLock Identity Theft Management,Paid holidays. ResponsibilitiesThese are the responsibilities expected of an applicant interested in this position. As a team member of VGM’s Corporate IT, individuals provide programming support and application development and maintenance to current and new applications. Heavy focus will be placed on CRM software and tools. Adheres to and supports development standards in place within the development teamAssists in logical and physical database design.Participate in the requirements gathering meetings.Participate in code review sessions.Solve business problems through technology. QualificationsApplicants are expected to meet these qualifications to be considered for this position. Bachelors in CS is highly preferred along with 3+ years of accomplished experience working in software development. Experience coding .Net applications, ASP.Net, MVC, ADO.Net or Entity Framework. In addition, JavaScript / jQueryStrong experience and understanding of object oriented development principles.Experience with Visual Studio, Team Foundation Server, and TFS Source Control.Relevant Microsoft Certification a bonus.SQL Server 2008/2012 desiredStrong conceptualization, analytical, and logic skills.Must excel at working with peers within a team environment.Ability to meet project plan timelines and produce a high quality product.Ability to take individual initiative and accountability for assignments.Ability to adapt to changing priorities.Ability to quickly learn and apply new tools and technologies.Provides effective communication regarding issues, objectives, initiatives and performance.Strong interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills required.Find out more about VGM Information Technology at forbin.com/it-services Apply Now
 At Sonos, we are passionate about creating and delivering the finest HiFi audio experiences to our customers. Our products stream all the music on earth, in every room, wirelessly, and you control it all from the palm of your hand. Its easy to use, but keeping things simple and bug free is hard work.  We work closely with user experience experts to develop UX-centric applications that connect people to music. Software Engineers working on mobile applications and web services collaborate with some of the brightest minds across multiple disciplines in software, hardware, and design. Our teams learn from our users as we constantly improve their experience - making it easier to find and listen to their music out loud in their home.  As a Software Engineer you will be responsible for improving the Sonos applications to seamlessly play what listeners want to hear where they want to hear it. You will join one of several teams that is evolving the Sonos mobile interaction experience.  If you love music, solving challenging software problems, and doing things the right way every time, wed like to talk to you.* Deliver professional customer-facing software, on schedule and with a high degree of quality. Be integral in the future of the Sonos interaction experience.Collaborate with other Software Engineers, User Experience Designers, Product Managers and Test Engineers to coordinate larger features.Ask questions, think on your feet, and absorb lots of information.Deliver simple, elegant solutions to complex problems.* Experience in software development using Java, Objective-C, or Swift.Exposure to C++.Experience developing on the Android and/or iOS platforms, with at least one app completed in a way you'd be proud to share.Exposure to or experience with network-connected apps.1-2 years of experience in software development, or at least one internship.Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline.
If your first thought when encountered by any daily inefficiency is “I could write a program that is better than this….” then this job is for you! (It’s ok if you never actually get around to writing that program. We get it.)WHAT YOU’LL DO:Design, develop, test, and maintain production-level enterprise applications deployed to cloud infrastructureExtend open-source libraries and systems as necessary to meet the needs of the teamDesign and implement functionality that spans from storage to middleware to browserCreate interactive Web-based user interface components and data visualizationsWork closely with customers and teammates to rapidly build, test, and deploy new capabilitiesTASKS YOU MIGHT WORK ON:Investigate ways to model historical event behavior to provide baselines for comparison when visualizing current event activityStand up an instance of Zeppelin for an Apache Spark cluster on AWS and write a Spark analytic that summarizes event data stored in AWS S3 and writes the results to ElasticsearchBuild and maintain a streaming ETL infrastructure capable of reliably processing thousands of events a second and writing them to a clustered Kafka topicWHY WE SHOULD TALK:You love technology (eg. MEAN, LAMP, ELK, Spark, Storm, Cassandra, Hadoop, AWS, and more)You’ve got a solid foundation in development, and aren’t tied to one language or framework—we’re using Java, JavaScript, C++, PHP, Python, HTML, CSS, AngularJS and Spring (among others)You’re tired of refactoring someone else’s code built on ancient technologyYou want to work in a lively yet laid-back environment full of people who love learning (and craft beer/fine coffee)You’re tired of being bored at work; and you remember when coding used to be funYou want to build stuff people actually useBecause tabs > spaces. Because spaces>tabs. ugh, nevermind… O_oYou’re a U.S. Citizen and want to obtain a high-level security clearanceTL;DRDo you love to code? Doesn’t matter if it’s the front-end, back-end, storage, analytics. You love it all? You’re in the right place—so do we!WHAT YOU’LL DO:Design, develop, test, and maintain production-level enterprise applications deployed to cloud infrastructureExtend open-source libraries and systems as necessary to meet the needs of the teamDesign and implement functionality that spans from storage to middleware to browserCreate interactive Web-based user interface components and data visualizationsWork closely with customers and teammates to rapidly build, test, and deploy new capabilitiesTASKS YOU MIGHT WORK ON:Investigate ways to model historical event behavior to provide baselines for comparison when visualizing current event activityStand up an instance of Zeppelin for an Apache Spark cluster on AWS and write a Spark analytic that summarizes event data stored in AWS S3 and writes the results to ElasticsearchBuild and maintain a streaming ETL infrastructure capable of reliably processing thousands of events a second and writing them to a clustered Kafka topicWHY WE SHOULD TALK:You love technology (eg. MEAN, LAMP, ELK, Spark, Storm, Cassandra, Hadoop, AWS, and more)You’ve got a solid foundation in development, and aren’t tied to one language or framework—we’re using Java, JavaScript, C++, PHP, Python, HTML, CSS, AngularJS and Spring (among others)You’re tired of refactoring someone else’s code built on ancient technologyYou want to work in a lively yet laid-back environment full of people who love learning (and craft beer/fine coffee)You’re tired of being bored at work; and you remember when coding used to be funYou want to build stuff people actually useBecause tabs > spaces. Because spaces>tabs. ugh, nevermind… O_oYou’re a U.S. Citizen and want to obtain a high-level security clearanceTL;DRDo you love to code? Doesn’t matter if it’s the front-end, back-end, storage, analytics. You love it all? You’re in the right place—so do we!
 Junior Software Developer Job Description Are you looking to join a tightknit development team where you can play a major role in driving the growth and efficiency of a mid-size company? Do you want to leverage web technologies to create robust productivity tools while expanding upon your experience with a variety of top technologies? If so, we want to speak with you!  We are seeking a full-time Junior Software Developer to help design, build, maintain, and improve our proprietary suite of tools. Our suite is used internally to empower our employees to efficiently scale our clients’ online presence.  As a Junior Developer at ROI Revolution, your coworkers are your clients. The short feedback loop, implementation of new features, and chance to allow your co-workers to perform their jobs better and faster is truly gratifying. You will get to work closely with both code and people by providing direct troubleshooting support to those using our tools and through pair programming with other members of the Engineering team. You will have the opportunity to work on tools built using JavaScript (Node), Ruby (Rails), Elixir (Phoenix), VBA, and more that communicate with major advertising platforms such as Google AdWords, Bing Ads, and Yahoo Gemini. Our next Junior Software Developer will enjoy getting to switch between multiple languages and frameworks, always choosing the right tool for the job.  As part of the development team, you will work to maintain expert-level knowledge of various technologies, stay on top of industry trends to understand what new challenges the client services teams are facing, and research what tools could help alleviate such challenges. If you have intense intellectual curiosity, are self-motivated and proactive, you’ll enjoy working every day on our Engineering team!  Sound like fun? Submit your resume and cover letter online today! Essential Qualifications:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a bachelor’s degree in Math, Physics, Electrical Engineering or related major, plus a minor in Computer Science.Mastery of the English language demonstrated by clear and concise verbal, written, and electronic communication skills.

 Rudolph Technologies is seeking a dynamic individual to implement and drive our software product development process. We are a seasoned team of software engineers working on leading edge semiconductor manufacturing control technologies. We need a top tier development operations engineer to manage our software production. Setup and administer essential applications to support software builds, source control, code reviews, specification management and defect trackingIdentify, build, and administer robust solutions running on Linux to enhance your team’s overall effectiveness, and quickly learn different toolsets and frameworks for doing so.Install, migrate and administer product test environments in support of internal development and quality activitiesManage virtual machines used to develop, manage and test the Rudolph products.Manage the software build processManage the transmittal of release candidates to QA, Manufacturing, and other internal customersInstall and manage product demo systemsActively collaborate with corporate IT to define, support and administer Linux based systems that support the needs of the Rudolph team.Provide backup operational support to corporate ITSelect and configure new Linux platformsBachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related fieldExperience in the semiconductor industry is a plus5 years minimum experienceFluent in Linux. Able to install and maintain Linux systems. Comfortable in Linux as a home environment.Linux based scripting skills (bash, etc)Ability to configure local area network devicesCapable of managing and maintaining a JIRA based ticket-tracking system.Deep knowledge of ClearCase including branching and labeling methodologiesExpertise in developing RPM packages.Knowledge of code development tools such as Vim, Eclipse and CodeBlocks.Working knowledge of C++, python, WxWidgetsVirtual machine environments such as Oracle Virtual BoxA deep understanding of challenges of supporting Linux along with R&D applications running on Linux; plus needing to integrate the Linux environment into a back-office Windows environment. No Relocation Available for this Position.  No Agency submissions accepted.
Company: DigiCert, Inc.  Lehi, Utah Contact: Please email a résumé to hr@digicert.com. Position: Software Engineer Intern Description: One of the fastest-growing and successful companies in Utah is looking for a Software Engineer Intern to join its ranks. Responsibilities: Gain an in-depth understanding of DigiCert products and solutions  Work in an agile, cross-functional team to develop new product features  Design efficient code according to software development best practices and architectural standards  Debug and troubleshoot product issues and respond promptly and professionally to defect reports  Be an advocate of the development process, software security, and DigiCert Required Qualifications: Expertise and experience building RESTful web services  Familiar with one or more of the following languages: Java, PHP or C++  Experience with Tomcat, Jetty, or other web container technologies  Use of secure coding practices and methodologies  Passionate about unit testing and producing high quality code  Understanding of SSL, PKI, and other security related technologies  Strong knowledge in database design and SQL  High performance individual that is persistent and self-motivated to accomplish tasks  Strong interpersonal communication skills  Working toward bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline About DigiCert: DigiCert is a leading provider of scalable security solutions for a connected world. The most innovative companies, including the Global 2000, choose DigiCert for its expertise in identity and encryption for web servers and Internet of Things devices. DigiCert supports SSL/TLS and other digital certificates for PKI deployments at any scale through its certificate lifecycle management platform, CertCentral®. The company has been recognized with dozens of awards for its enterprise-grade management platform, fast and knowledgeable customer support, and market-leading growth.  DigiCert also provides a fun, casual, and flexible environment that emphasizes employee success. For our efforts, we have been awarded the Utah Best of State, Utah 100, UV50, Utah’s Best Places to Work, Best Companies to Work For, and the Alfred P. Sloan Award for Business Excellence in Workplace Flexibility. To help our employees thrive at work, we provide a fully stocked break room and catered meals, quarterly activities, competitive wages, and fun family activities outside the office. Each day, our employees are empowered to share their talents to help shape a better and more secure digital future for our world. If this appeals to you, come join an outstanding business with equally exceptional growth and opportunity!Software Engineer Intern was last modified: July 10th, 2017 by Charles Williams
 We are a Silicon Valley start-up inviting you to join us in a development of the innovative cloud communication platform. Our goal is to help millions of people contacting companies by enabling modern communication channels such as mobile applications, text messages, web chat, social media and video conferencing. Our strong professional team brings the next generation contact center technology to the next level.  We are looking for Senior Java Engineers to join our strong professional team bringing the next generation contact center technology. Responsibilities:Senior Java Engineer will be responsible for design and development of one or several server-side components of our communications platformOwnership of design and development of on one or several system components of our multimedia real-time communication platform using technologies: Java, HTML5, GWT, jQuery, MySQL, MongoDBThis is a full-stack position, it requires development of both UI components and server-side codeRequirements:Good knowledge and practical experience in Java coding for at least 3 yearsGood knowledge of SQLGood knowledge of HTML/CSS/JavaScriptDesire to own a component and be fully responsible for its developmentAbility to work as a part of a distributed team in a large project with shared effortsNice to have:Experience using GWTDeep knowledge of JavaScript, jQueryFamilarity with Angular, React or similar technlogiesBasic knowledge of C++Experience using MongoDBLinux experience (development, operation, administration)Benefits:New development, innovative product, interesting projectsStrong professional teamGreat opportunity for personal development
Development OfficerJob PurposeUnder the direction of the Senior Development Officer the Development Officer will plan, coordinate and implement a comprehensive Annual Giving program. Person will have frequent interaction with donors, residents, family members, volunteers and fellow members of the St. Ann’s family. Exceptional customer service delivery is expected at all times.The most successful candidate will possess:An Associate’s DegreeSolid experience with planning and executing special events as well as annual giving campaigns.3-5 years’ experience working in a non - profit organization, preferably fundraising.Strong verbal and written communications skills, with an elevated comfort level speaking to customers/donors, both internal and external.Database management experienceExperience using Fundraising software, Raiser’s Edge, preferredAnnual Appeal: Plan, prepare and oversee donor solicitation programs. Develop and draft written materials including solicitation and acknowledgment materials. Provides leadership for Employee Campaign.Assists the Foundation Vice President and Senior Development Officers as requested. Plays a significant role in the Foundation’s interactions with donors, prospects and members of the public, especially during problem solving situations. Produces special publications as needed. Oversees department contributions to in-house newsletter.Serve as staff liaison for local United Way Campaign. Works closely with in-house champions to launch organization wide campaign. Coordinates volunteer support to provide solicitation materials.St. Ann’s is an equal opportunity employerWork collaboratively with the Sr. Development Officer to identify prospects that would qualify as major/planned giving prospects.Corporate Giving: Leads the Corporate Partnership Program by creating partnerships and building relationships with local businesses and organization vendors to secure sponsorships for events. Prepare all materials related to event sponsorship packages.Special Events: Execute and manage signature special event and all aspects of the annual donor recognition, patron reception and other fundraising events including forecasting and managing event budget, volunteer recruitment, program and logistics, solicitations and acknowledgements, securing event sponsorships and attendance management.Highlights of the Role 
Software Developer Bellevue, WA  Full time position FT Benefits(Medical + Dental + Vision + Paid leaves + Sick leaves)Job Description: Minimum Requirements:  Must have a minimum of a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field.  1 year of experience with the following:  Programming languages such as C#, C/C++, C, Java, and Python  DevOps tools such as PowerShell, TeamCity, MS Build, and Git  Web development technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, .NET, Node.js, databases, HTTP, REST, JSON, and XML Preferred Qualifications: Web-based collaboration tools, such as JIRA, Wiki, Confluence, SharePoint and Rally  Infrastructure, build systems, source control systems, database systems, and web technologies

Join our team and experience Workday! It's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they're doing. At Workday, we're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise applications. We work hard, and we're serious about what we do. But we like to have a good time, too. In fact, we run our company with that principle in mind every day: One of our core values is fun. Job DescriptionSoftware Engineer What if you can build the platform that powers business-critical transactions for Workday’s global customers? We want passionate developers who love technology, upward mobility and want to make an impact.  Our Platform Engineering organization is growing fast and we are looking for Software Engineers to join our team What a Software Engineer for our Platform Engineering team does at Workday:Architecture, designing, development and ownership of our core deployment platform. We’re passionate about open source software and ideally you’d want to contribute back to the open source ecosystem we’re part of. We use chef extensively as that’s our configuration management tool of choice and literally dozens of other tools and systems make up our platform. Our job is to improve these systems and keep them running. We predominantly write these systems in Ruby.Innovation and solving problems are always on our mind; our engineers are constantly evolving our systems and are motivated to rapidly deliver features to production.Collaboration is the key to success. Our small teams allow our Engineers to come up with quick and exciting solutions.Can you answer YES to some of these questions?Is an Object Oriented language your core development language?Have you worked with any of the following: Ruby, Python, Sinatra, Jenkins, Gerritt, Chef Development Kit, Elastic Search, Chef, Puppet, XML processing,Have a background developing on Linux or Unix-like systems (Solaris, BSDs etc)Have configuration management experienceHave you worked on large-scale, distributed, and highly concurrent systems?Do you have knowledge of methodologies, technologies and architectures employed by consumer internet applications? Apply and see if you have what it takes to be part of the revolution of cloud based, user-friendly enterprise software systems of tomorrow! Here are a few more details about the role:Develop the platform that drives core business transactions for some of the worlds biggest companiesWork on complex, backend Ruby componentsHelp the team continue in best practices in Development Operations and Continuous DeploymentBuild critical common deployment systems at scaleWork effectively in an Agile / Scrum methodology to deliver business value quickly and consistentlyLI-DA
 DescriptionExperian API Center of Excellence team needs an experienced senior resource.  This individual must have 5+ years of Experience in B2B, B2C, B2E Integration using specific vendor Platforms DataPower, Apigee, Axway, TIBCO etc.  This role requires working with multiple Business Units in various roles to design & implement solution as per defined Reference Architecture and provide operational support (24*7) to the Platform.  The candidate should have in-depth knowledge/experience in recent technologies such: Microservices, AWS cloud hostingSecurity Standards like OAuth2, Open ID, SAML 2.0 etc. As well as working with and managing AGILE Scrum. Part of the job would also involve acting as a scrum master. Knowledge, Experience & Qualifications• Agile Scrum methodology and Atlassian Devops tools Strong Java/J2EE developmentDevelopment experience with DataPower and/or Apigee.Automation tools for build/deployment - maven, Jenkins etc.Experience with Scripting languages such as JavaScript, DataPower Gatewayscript, Python, Functional programming etc.DataPower Gateway IDG, XI52, XG45, Firmware 7.xApigee Edge, Microedge GatewayContainer Services - Docker, Kubernetes, Redhat Openshift etc.Event Streaming Frameworks such as Confluent Kafka, Storm, Apex etc.NoSQL Databases such as - Cassandra, MongoDB etc. Experian is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Anyone needing accommodation to complete the interview process should notify the talent acquisition partner. The word "Experian" is a registered trademark in the EU and other countries and is owned by Experian Ltd. and/or its associated companie 
 We are seeking a Senior C++SoftwareDeveloper to help design, build, and operate our state of the art trading systems. Ideally, you’d work out of our Denver office. What will you be doing? As the member of a software project team, you will be doing work that directly affects our ability to trade every day. You will work with a strong team of developers & analysts that will create, maintain and support the tools and software that make up our mission-critical trading applications. On any given day you may find yourself doing the following: Writing low-latency, high-throughput C++ routines and librariesBuilding applications that leverage internal data to meet various reporting requirementsAnalyzing enormous amounts of dataLearning how exchanges work; learning how trading works; learning how Quantlab operatesWho are you?You are a continuous learner, passionate about technology and want to know how things workYou have a proven record of delivering high-quality software in modern C++ in a Linux environmentYou take initiative, own your work, and are persistent in following your products into productionYou develop manageable and maintainable software; you build things you’re proud ofYou are smart. Challenges excite you. You easily abstract simplicity from complex systemsYou leverage engineering best practices like Continuous Delivery and BDD for fast feedback and learning cyclesOur ideal candidates bring many of the following attributes to the table.You’re up to date on modern C++ standards and have been using C++11/14 professionally or in your personal projectsMany years of experience optimizing low latency code for nanosecond latenciesHave worked on the full stack including high speed network design, firmware, kernel modification, compiler modification, and distributed system designSeveral years of experience writing code using BDD/TDD processesThorough understanding of and experience with Continuous Delivery and DeploymentAre able to teach and elevate the team with existing knowledgeExperience in the automated trading domainWho we are: Quantlab is a dynamic, technology-driven firm supporting a large-scale quantitative trading operation across a wide range of global financial markets. Founded in 1998, Quantlab is an established presence and one of the pioneers in quantitative investment management with a track record of consistent profitability under varying market conditions.  Quantlab supports a very successful proprietary trading organization (similar to a hedge fund, but no outside investors, so we are much more stable). We invest heavily in the latest technologies, seeking to optimize performance and minimize latency throughout our trading systems. Why you should work with us: Technology and Scientific Research are central to our business and key to our success. We are constantly pushing the boundaries of technology, from high performance computing (HPC) clusters attached to petabytes of storage, to ultra-low latency hardware (FPGA, RF, servers and switches), to highly optimized operating systems, and applications developed in-house. Quantlab attracts very talented and collaborative people who bring fresh and interdisciplinary solutions to trading. Our business casual environment has an entrepreneurial spirit that encourages creativity, agility, and continuous improvement.
 SchneiderElectric Software, LLC is a part of the Schneider Electric Group of companies.Schneider Electric is a leading manufacturer of equipment for electricaldistribution, industrial control, and automation. We have the followingposition available in Chicago, Illinois:  Software Developer: S/he will be responsible for the design anddevelopment of high performance enterprise software applications. S/he conductsprogramming in C# and ASP.NET using Microsoft Visual Studio, Team FoundationServer and MSBuild. This position requires a Master's degree in ComputerScience, Electrical Engineering, or related and five years of work experiencein designing, developing, testing high-speed real time data collection systemsusing C and C#. Also must have work experience with: 2 years of utilizingWinforms and WebForms; 5 years of utilizing Data structures, algorithms, anddesign patterns; 2 years of utilizing Oracle database management system; 2years of developing SQL and PL/SQL; 2 years of creating automated build scriptsin TFS; 4 years of utilizing Scaled Agile (SAFe framework) and Lean Agilepractices of software development lifecycles.  Any applicant who isinterested in this position or who was referred to this position may apply  bysubmitting a complete resume in English through this site. Req 00443V
About Rocket LawyerWe believe everyone deserves access to simple and affordable legal services.Founded in 2008, Rocket Lawyer is the largest and most widely used online legal service platform in the world. With offices in North America and Europe, Rocket Lawyer has helped over 20 million people create over 3 million legal documents, and answer over 30,000 legal questions.We are in a unique position to enhance and expand the Rocket Lawyer platform to a scale never seen before in the company’s history, to capture audiences worldwide. We are expanding our team to take on this challenge!About the RoleWe're searching for an experienced, passionate senior software engineer who wants to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with a talented agile team. As part of a cross-functional team consisting of a product manager, designer, and 4-6 software engineers and QA analysts, the senior software engineer is an active partner in the design, coding, unit testing, and release of new features and enhancements for our growing customer base.A Day in the Life Participate in defining our evolving global platform architectureDesign and build world-class software components, including: services, APIs, tooling, documentationGive feedback to and proactively seek it from your peers and stakeholdersWork with DevOps team to ensure smooth deploymentDemonstrate your work to internal and external audiencesBe active within the wider engineering communityExperience BSc or MSc degree in Computer Science, or equivalent5+ years experience in high-growth technology environmentsStrong command of Java and OO design and principlesStrong understanding and experience with Scala and functional programmingStrong understanding of microservices architectureExperience with containers and container orchestration tools (Docker, Kubernetes)Experience designing and developing RESTful services/APIsExperience working with RabbitMQ, Tomcat, and MySQL or PostgreSQLPracticed test-driven development utilizing unit testing frameworks and automated testing toolsExperience working in an agile/iterative environmentExperience with gitMust be proactive, self-sufficient, thorough and organizedDemonstrated success working with small, collaborative cross-functional teamsNice to have:Experience with software globalization, internationalization and localizationExperience with Elasticsearch, Redis and HBaseFamiliarity with Jenkins and ChefKnowledgeable in front-end web technologies such as HTML, CSS and JavascriptBenefits & Perks Fully paid Medical, Dental and Vision insurance for full-time employeesUnlimited PTO; take time when you need it and come back refreshedCompetitive salary packagesCommuter/Transit Program401k programFlexible Spending Accounts (Medical and Dependent Care)Life insurance and disability benefitsYour choice of a Mac or PCMonthly onsite masseuse sessions“Red Friday” catered lunchesCompany sponsored events, both on- and off-site
 365 Retail Markets, a rapidly growing self-checkout technology company with offices in Metro Detroit, Santa Clara, and Orem, creates technology that connects people with products at work. Our proprietary 365 technology provides a turnkey platform that allows customers to increase sales, improve the customer experience, and increase profits, while reducing operating costs!  This position is located within the Development department of 365 Retail Markets and reports to the Director of Software Development. The Software Developer role will be responsible for all aspects of software development from interpreting software requirements to coding, unit test, and documentation, mentoring other engineers, as well as supporting the release of developed software into production. The Sr. Software Engineer will work with peers within a team environment to jointly develop and enhance applications within the 365 Retail Markets product suite.  Essential Functions&Responsibilities Develop leading edge distributed systems, including interactive, windows based user experience applications, web and mobile applications, and enterprise level financial and reporting back-end systems - Work with technologies that include Java, JavaScript, JQuery, ReactJS and MySql or MariaDbDevelop, maintain, and encourage automated unit testsParticipate in the development of technology roadmaps, future system architecture, as well as ongoing customer experience enhancementsResponsible for the quality and maintainability of the software developed.Document your work in a clear manner that will enable others to work with your software easilyResponsible for enhancing the developed software to meet evolving requirementsOther Duties as assigned by Technology LeadershipRequirementsBachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalentA minimum of 8 years work experience developing software, with at least 4 years working in a Linux based environment ?Experience with Eclipse or IntelliJ and Git/GitHub source repository.Experience developing Service Oriented Applications using JavaDemonstrated knowledge and some experience with MySql/MariaDbExperience working in an Agile/Scrum environmentExperience with distributed systems is a plusDemonstrated dedication to projects and companyAttention to detailA strong understanding of software development fundamentals, including Test Driven DevelopmentStrong written and verbal communication skills Employment Details  Employment Type: Full Time  Department: Development  Career Level: Experienced; non manager  Travel: 0% - 10%  Location: Orem, UT
Join our team and experience Workday! It's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they're doing. At Workday, we're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise applications. We work hard, and we're serious about what we do. But we like to have a good time, too. In fact, we run our company with that principle in mind every day: One of our core values is fun. Job DescriptionSoftware Engineer What if you can build the platform that powers business-critical transactions for Workday’s global customers? We want passionate developers who love technology, upward mobility and want to make an impact.  Our Platform Engineering organization is growing fast and we are looking for Software Engineers to join our team What a Software Engineer for our Platform Engineering team does at Workday:Architecture, designing, development and ownership of our core deployment platform. We’re passionate about open source software and ideally you’d want to contribute back to the open source ecosystem we’re part of. We use chef extensively as that’s our configuration management tool of choice and literally dozens of other tools and systems make up our platform. Our job is to improve these systems and keep them running. We predominantly write these systems in Ruby.Innovation and solving problems are always on our mind; our engineers are constantly evolving our systems and are motivated to rapidly deliver features to production.Collaboration is the key to success. Our small teams allow our Engineers to come up with quick and exciting solutions.Can you answer YES to some of these questions?Is an Object Oriented language your core development language?Have you worked with any of the following: Ruby, Python, Sinatra, Jenkins, Gerritt, Chef Development Kit, Elastic Search, Chef, Puppet, XML processing,Have a background developing on Linux or Unix-like systems (Solaris, BSDs etc)Have configuration management experienceHave you worked on large-scale, distributed, and highly concurrent systems?Do you have knowledge of methodologies, technologies and architectures employed by consumer internet applications? Apply and see if you have what it takes to be part of the revolution of cloud based, user-friendly enterprise software systems of tomorrow! Here are a few more details about the role:Develop the platform that drives core business transactions for some of the worlds biggest companiesWork on complex, backend Ruby componentsHelp the team continue in best practices in Development Operations and Continuous DeploymentBuild critical common deployment systems at scaleWork effectively in an Agile / Scrum methodology to deliver business value quickly and consistentlyLI-DA
 We are seeking a Senior C++SoftwareDeveloper to help design, build, and operate our state of the art trading systems. Ideally, you’d work out of our Denver office. What will you be doing? As the member of a software project team, you will be doing work that directly affects our ability to trade every day. You will work with a strong team of developers & analysts that will create, maintain and support the tools and software that make up our mission-critical trading applications. On any given day you may find yourself doing the following: Writing low-latency, high-throughput C++ routines and librariesBuilding applications that leverage internal data to meet various reporting requirementsAnalyzing enormous amounts of dataLearning how exchanges work; learning how trading works; learning how Quantlab operatesWho are you?You are a continuous learner, passionate about technology and want to know how things workYou have a proven record of delivering high-quality software in modern C++ in a Linux environmentYou take initiative, own your work, and are persistent in following your products into productionYou develop manageable and maintainable software; you build things you’re proud ofYou are smart. Challenges excite you. You easily abstract simplicity from complex systemsYou leverage engineering best practices like Continuous Delivery and BDD for fast feedback and learning cyclesOur ideal candidates bring many of the following attributes to the table.You’re up to date on modern C++ standards and have been using C++11/14 professionally or in your personal projectsMany years of experience optimizing low latency code for nanosecond latenciesHave worked on the full stack including high speed network design, firmware, kernel modification, compiler modification, and distributed system designSeveral years of experience writing code using BDD/TDD processesThorough understanding of and experience with Continuous Delivery and DeploymentAre able to teach and elevate the team with existing knowledgeExperience in the automated trading domainWho we are: Quantlab is a dynamic, technology-driven firm supporting a large-scale quantitative trading operation across a wide range of global financial markets. Founded in 1998, Quantlab is an established presence and one of the pioneers in quantitative investment management with a track record of consistent profitability under varying market conditions.  Quantlab supports a very successful proprietary trading organization (similar to a hedge fund, but no outside investors, so we are much more stable). We invest heavily in the latest technologies, seeking to optimize performance and minimize latency throughout our trading systems. Why you should work with us: Technology and Scientific Research are central to our business and key to our success. We are constantly pushing the boundaries of technology, from high performance computing (HPC) clusters attached to petabytes of storage, to ultra-low latency hardware (FPGA, RF, servers and switches), to highly optimized operating systems, and applications developed in-house. Quantlab attracts very talented and collaborative people who bring fresh and interdisciplinary solutions to trading. Our business casual environment has an entrepreneurial spirit that encourages creativity, agility, and continuous improvement.

 We have a wide variety of career opportunities around the world come find yours. Information Technology The United IT team designs, develops and maintains massively scaling technology solutions that are brought to life with innovative architectures, data analytics and digital solutions. Job overview and responsibilities As a senior developer on the Crew IT team, you will be responsible in developing and/or enhancing various Crew Platform based applications, with business team and analysts to understand the requirements, translates requirements into technical approaches, communicates and presents technical approaches and ensures successful implementation.  • Lead software development during the design/build phases of the SDLC Develop appropriate software documentationWorks/Consults across multiple projectsWorks on complex projects that require subject matter expertiseDemonstrate exceptional knowledge of development methodologies, software design and design patterns, integration standards as well as its applicability at coding and testing cyclesWork with Agile Scrum Masters and Product Owners to understand Agile Stories and Acceptance CriteriaResponsible for making sure in-progress builds follow the approved designsPerform coding and proper unit and integration testingMentor other developers and perform peer code reviewsDocument deployment steps as neededWork with Dev Ops team to deploy changes in UAT and Production environmentsIdentify new trends and technologies in the IT industry and leverage them Required • Bachelors in Computer Science/Information Technology or related fieldFull Stack .NET Developer working with C#, ASP.NET, MVC, Web API, AJAX, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular, SQL Server.Web application and windows services development using C# and ASP.NET with SQL Server backendBuild web services/APIs using Web APIUse SQL Server & write complex SQL queries and stored proceduresStrong analytical skills: Ability to collect, organize, and analyze data; summarize findings and develop conclusions and recommendationsSelf -starter who takes initiative and is proactiveAbility to prioritize a high volume of tasksAbility to communicate at all levels of the organization, including management and end-usersExcellent communication and presentation skills5+ years of .NET development experience  • Must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer without sponsorshipSuccessful completion of interview required to meet job qualificationReliable, punctual attendance is an essential function of the position PreferredMasters in Computer Science/Information Technology or related field Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT
Wickr is transforming the way companies and organizations communicate and secure valuable, high-target communications. Our private ephemeral collaboration tools empower teams, enterprises and end-users to ensure that no sensitive conversation remains accessible beyond its useful life and intended audience. Wickr is founded on a strong belief that privacy is a universal human right that fuels global innovation and economic growth and empowers democracy. We build state-of-the-art technology and tools to safeguard the integrity and security of personal and business data with greater efficacy than any other solution in the market. Are you passionate about building innovative, creative and reusable integration solutions on a massive scale? Do you like to gather requirements, propose multiple options, and implement the best solution? Do you find joy in tying systems together in ways that are eloquent and work seamlessly that can be extended easily, and requires minimal upkeep? If so, Wickr is looking for a API Software Integration Engineer to help build and design our larger scale integration initiatives. Primary Responsibilities:Work with a team of software developers and managers to develop technical solutions and integrations with customers, platforms, partners and communicate directly with internal and external stakeholders and identify new needsEvaluate existing systems and components to determine integration requirements to ensure final solutions meet organizational needsDevelop architectural guidelines and testing strategies for APIs, and implement solutions that solve our external developers problemsContinuously improve and simplify our integration processes, time and data qualityTroubleshoot complex integration failures, working with external integration partners, and testing interconnected systemsProvide technical consultation to companies integrating with Wickr by coaching engineers, driving agreement, and getting things builtMaintain integration specifications and mappings as well as partner and customer configurationsQualifications/Requirements:At least 3 years of software development or integration experience preferredExperience setting up and scaling high traffic, production grade, API integrationsAbility to produce code in JavaScript, C++, Python, Golang, Swift/Objective C, Java and/or other high level programming languagesExtensive experience integrating B2B marketplaces using applications that utilize API backendsExperience in an Agile development environment, using Git for versioning/source controlSDK, open source and crypto background preferredUnderstanding of cloud file storageAbility to architect a library that is consumable by 3rd partiesExperience with CI and automated testingSpecific experience integrating Dropbox/Box is a plusAuthor of an open source library is a plusExperience with Linux is a plusBe a cooperative and supportive team member and show a passion for new technologiesPossess strong communication and documentation skills in both verbal and written EnglishBenefits:Stock optionsCompetitive salary based on commensurate experienceCommuter benefitsVacation days & time offMedical, dental & vision insuranceLife & disability coverageWorking with world class cryptographersEnsuring the privacy of millions of people
Associate DeveloperVelosio is seeking Associate Developers to join our award-winning team from our offices in Cleveland, Columbus, or Cincinnati, OH and Atlanta, GA.Ideal candidates will be self-motivated, collaborative professionals, with an ability to creatively solve client business, process and application issues by developing modifications, customizations and integrations utilizing .NET Framework and related technologies.To the qualified Associate Developer we offer: A rapid on-boarding program designed to accelerate learning and goal achievement, delivered by an accomplished leadership team dedicated to your personal success.A rich benefits package including, medical, dental, life, and disability insurance, 401K with matching, fitness incentives and a highly collaborative and autonomous work environment.Over the years, Velosio has lived up to the promise of its name by delivering world-class ERP, CRM, Business Intelligence and Cloud solutions to more than 3000 clients. As our technology partners, Microsoft, NetSuite, Syspro, Sage, continue to transform their platforms, clients rely upon our sales and consulting teams to recommend and deliver value-centric solutions that contribute to their growth and market leadership. To learn more about us, visit: www.velosio.comJob Duties of Associate Developers:Perform remote or on-site software customization/development services.Provides technical and functional knowledge of the Microsoft Dynamics development technologies for clients and functional consultants.Work with functional team to design, test, and implement customizations.Provide end-user training and end-user support.Perform ongoing development services to existing clients as needed via email/phone support and on-site visits.Follow Development best practices and ensure that modifications are well documented.Attain product certifications as necessaryQualifications of Associate Developers:Bachelors degree in computer science, or equivalent.Excellent organizational skills, attention to quality, self-motivation and a desire to succeed.Possesses a professional presence suitable for direct client interaction by telephone or in-person.Solid understanding of the .NET Framework (specifically ASP.NET) and related technologies.Ability to translate experience to creatively solve client business, process and application issues.Development experience with ERP platforms including Dynamics GP, SAP, JD Edwards, Oracle, Navision, PeopleSoft is a plus.Knowledge and experience with C# development or data migration/integration tools a plus.Knowledge and experience of integrating data via web services a plus.EEO/AA
 Location: Madison,Wisconsin,United StatesPerBlue is looking for a passionate Software Developer Intern to join our team of experienced engineers and game designers. We’re a quickly growing independent studio whose free-to-play mobile games have been played by millions people around the world, and we have been named a Top Developer by Google.  We have internships in Front-End, Engine, and Back-End Developer roles available. You'll be working on real games, shipping real code, and have real responsibilities. You’ll be embedded on a production team where you'll work side-by-side with engineers on a cross-functional team working on large distributed server systems, network stacks, game mechanics, artificial intelligence, client side development, and user interface implementations. Responsibilities (Front-End and Engine Developers) As a Software Developer in a Front-End or Engine role, you’ll be working with our front-end rendering engines and implementing UI of our mobile games. You’ll push the limits of mobile technologies to achieve top-notch graphics at optimal performance, and create a pixel perfect user experience. You will play a key role in integrating and bringing to life high quality art assets that are on the leading edge of the industry, and ensure that we come to market with the best possible graphic quality. Responsibilities (Back-End Developers) As a Software Developer in a Back-End role, you'll be responsible for implementing backend systems that support our suite of cross-platform mobile games. You’ll solve big, complex technical problems and build highly scalable systems and servers that are able to handle TBs of data and thousands of simultaneous network connections to serve our games to large user bases. Requirements and QualificationsStrong Java programming backgroundA passion for all things programming with amazing technical skillsDesire and willingness to learn new technology and toolsBe results-oriented and able to thrive in a fast-paced environmentA focus on product and an eye for qualityProactive and able to take ownership of tasks and projectsOther Preferred Skills and ExperienceMobile development experience (Android, iOS/Objective-C)Strong C# programming backgroundFamiliar with Unity, LibGDX, and/or SPINE animation frameworkAn interest and passion for gamingAbility to effectively communicate with team-members and managementPrior experience at a game studio (mobile, console, or PC)Previously shipped a mobile appCompensation and Benefits We have a catered lunch program, a snack-stocked kitchen, and a refrigerator full of liquid refreshments. You'll be part of an energetic and collaborative environment, work with a great team, and enjoy our regular socials. We have flexible hours and are located in a vibrant neighborhood in beautiful downtown Madison.  PerBlue is an independent game development studio based in Madison, WI with a highly skilled team of amazingly talented people. We’ve been named a “Top Developer” by Google, a “Best Place to Work” by Madison Magazine, and “Madison's Favorite Tech Startup” by the Isthmus. This is a full time position based in Madison, WI. Compensation is competitive and based on experience. Apply to this job
 commercetools is changing the way consumers engage digitally with brands. By use of a highly available microservice platform, and open source development patterns, commercetools is fundamentally enabling digitized shopping in the new distributed commerce era. By means of an extensive e-commerce API set, digital commerce processes and technologies are connected flexibly. For our Durham based tech office we are looking for a talented Senior Software Developer in our new tech hub in downtown Durham, NC.  Up for a new challenge in changing e-commerce? Here is your chance! RESPONSIBILITIES:Reporting to the Technical Director North America you will work on projects in different areas with focus on full-stack developmentIndependent handling of special IT projectsDevelop extensions to the core productIntegrate platform to external APIs and vendor interfacesAs needed support for our US customers and partnersSupport the Technical Director and our German Systems Engineers/DevOps team with admin and ops tasks (such as deployment automation, working on accounts, CDN, security, logs, etc.)Help to organize and conduct technical trainings to our partnersSupport in the architecture and estimation process for new projectsSupport for technical pre-sales meetingsREQUIREMENTS:Degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering or comparable educationAt least three years of practical full-time development work experienceKnowledge of common programming languages (imperative and functional, preferred in Java, JavaScript/ES6)Must have Linux and cloud computing experienceFast learner with a quick perception who can understand the intricacies and challenges of a multi-tenant, API based e-commerce platform built on the newest technologiesEnthusiastic to dive deeper into the DevOps worldOutstanding problem-solving ability and analytical skillsHigh hands-on, get-it-done mentalityAspiration to constantly improve yourself and learn new technologies and conceptsVery good English language skillsTeam player with good communication skills, high reliability and a good dose of pragmatismAuthorized to work for any US employerAvailability ASAPNICE TO HAVE:Working experience with: Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, RackspaceDockerCI/CDNoSQL database (MongoDB)WHAT WE OFFER:100% coverage of the employee's health care, vision and dental insuranceCompany contribution towards dependent coverage401k (retirement savings)Maternity/paternity leavePTO and Company HolidaysSome pre-tax benefits through the PEOPossibility for relocation assistanceGreat team of highly qualified and motivated Software Engineers who work with a mutual respect and appreciation, take responsibility and evolve togetherWork on and with Open Source SoftwareJoint decisions regarding tools and approachesNew technologies (Java 8, asynchronous IO, reactive architectures, microservices, etc.) Attend (and organize) internal trainings, workshops, tech talks as well as hackathons, meetups and conferencesChallenging and meaningful projects in a company with over 10 years of historyWorking with one of the technology leaders in the growing e-commerce businessLong-term and strategic stability by being a 100% subsidiary of REWE Digital (part of the REWE Group)Growing, international company with three offices in Berlin, Munich, and DurhamCollegial, open working atmosphere and scope for new ideasHealthy feedback and error culture and a climate of mutual appreciationModern workplaces and technology (e.g. MacBooks) in bright offices (open-plan spaces as well as conference rooms and smaller rooms for quiet times)Flexible, family-friendly working hours and the possibility of working from homeFree water, coffee, tea, snacks Come grow with us!
 InterSystems is looking for a Software Developer to join our SQL team building a high-performance, distributed, parallel SQL engine. In particular, we want someone motivated by the challenge of designing and implementing non-trivial algorithms for producing efficient execution strategies. These strategies will need to exploit concurrency, communication, novel index structures, and customized low-level primitives provided by our kernel team.  Our SQL team is a small group responsible for a critical component of InterSystems’ core data platform. As a result, it is essential that we understand how to leverage our abilities to deliver the outsized gains in functionality and performance that our customers demand. We must find designs that are elegant and powerful, then drive them to completion ourselves. This individual responsibility extends to resolving customer issues, which range from simple bug fixes and enhancements to deep investigations of performance and correctness issues.  If this kind of high-impact, performance-critical development appeals to you, please consider joining us.  Required: Significant (3-5 years+) software development experience.MS or better in computer science or related discipline, OR an exceptional portfolio of relevant industry work.Experience designing and implementing non-trivial algorithms.Strong familiarity with database concepts such as relations, transactions, invariants, ACID. Preferred: Knowledge of SQL, especially in an implementation context.Previous work developing systems software. Databases preferred, but operating systems, advanced graphics, or similarly complex systems are also relevant.Previous work in concurrent or distributed systems or applications.Previous work in performance-sensitive systems or applications. InterSystems provides the information engines that power some of the worlds most important applications. In healthcare, finance, government, and other sectors where lives and livelihoods are at stake, InterSystems has been a strategic technology provider since 1978. InterSystems is a privately held company headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts (USA), with offices worldwide, and its software products are used daily by millions of people in more than 100 countries. For more information about InterSystems, the Cache database, Ensemble, HealthShare, TrakCare and more, please visit intersystems.com.
 PwC/LOS Overview  PwC is a network of firms committed to delivering quality in assurance, tax and advisory services.  We help resolve complex issues for our clients and identify opportunities. Learn more about us at www.pwc.com/us.  At PwC, we develop leaders at all levels. The distinctive leadership framework we call the PwC Professional (http://pwc.to/pwcpro) provides our people with a road map to grow their skills and build their careers. Our approach to ongoing development shapes employees into leaders, no matter the role or job title.  Are you ready to build a career in a rapidly changing world? Developing as a PwC Professional means that you will be ready to create and capture opportunities to advance your career and fulfill your potential. To learn more, visit us at www.pwc.com/careers. What will you do if you work in Assurance at PwC?  You'll ask questions and test assumptions. You'll help determine if companies are reporting information that investors and others can rely on. You'll help businesses solve complex issues faced by management and boards. You'll serve the public interest and the capital markets by conducting quality audits. Visit http://pwc.to/pwcassurance for more information on PwC's Assurance practice.  The world is quickly changing, that's why PwC is quickly adapting. We're capitalizing on trends that will impact corporate reporting.  Our focus is on globalization, technology, sustainability and environmental reporting, population shifts and regulation. We combine skills and experience to help our clients address their challenges. Job Description The Assurance Innovation group is developing capabilities leveraging the latest in Open Source technologies to automate and accelerate our client engagements across the enterprise. We are focused on incorporating the latest in machine learning, Big Data, NoSQL, cutting edge development languages,  and advanced data processing techniques to include structured and unstructured information in a loosely coupled ecosystem delivering a technology platform that positions PwC for the future.  Software engineers work closely with other developers to build new features, fix bugs and assist in testing across multiple capabilities while learning and exploring new technologies. Every day our team: Works with various data stores to include SQL, NO-SQL and distributed filesystem storage;Develops and integrate capabilities across APIs with back-end services written in one or more languages, e.g. Java, Scala, REST, etc.;Supports development of user web applications written in the latest Javascript technologies; and,Experiments with Big Data tools and open source technologies as well as research 3rd party technologies. Position/Program Requirements  Minimum Year(s) of Experience: 1 in software development.  Minimum Degree Required: Bachelor's degree in one of the following: Accounting, Finance/Economics, Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Business Administration, Statistics Mathematics, Regulatory Compliance, Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics and/or other business fields of study.  Degree Preferred: Master's degree in Computer Science, engineering or other related technical field. Knowledge Preferred: Demonstrates some knowledge and/or a proven record of success in the following areas: Full System Development Life Cycle (SDLC);Java or Scala to include object oriented design;Continuous integration and standard development environment tooling such as Jenkins, Git, Jira, Confluence, Splunk;Databases and Representational State Transfer (REST) services;Web application architecture and technologies; and,Linux OS.Skills Preferred: Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas: Utilize Java and/or Scala development to include object oriented design;Conduct pattern matching, regex creation and approaches to decompose unstructured text;Problem solve and learn new tools and technologies quickly; and,Develop test plans, test cases and code automated test scripts which can be integrated with Continuous Integration (CI) processes.
 Software Developer  If you are a Software Developer with experience developing web-based applications in .NET and C#, please read on!  We're a 5-year-old early stage startup that has skyrocketed with business over the last 2 years. We provide a cutting-edge software platform for the educational systems across the US. There are about 10-15 employees currently and we're a very engineering-centric company. We're based in beautiful Carlsbad California and we offer an amazing office culture, environment, and an incredible 31 paid days off per year!  We're looking for a talented C#/.NET Developer with anywhere from 3-7 years of experience (give or take). This is somewhat of a full stack role so some Javascript skills will be necessary and you should be proficient in JQuery.This person MUST be strong with LINQ! We're looking for people who have worked on client-facing web applications and have actually contributed. What we are NOT looking for, is someone who has all of these skills listed on their resume, but never actually worked with them.What You Will Be DoingWriting New Features and Code for cutting-edge software platformHelp architect new releases and feature list (we're a small and collaborative team)Wearing multiple startup style hats! What You Need for this Position At Least 3 Years of experience and knowledge of: C#.NETASP.NETMVCSQLJavaScript/JQueryLINQEntity Framework (nice to have)Visual StudioSQL Server Management Studio So, if you are a Software Developer with experience using LINQ, for C# and .NET applications, please apply today!Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
2018 Software Engineer InternAre you a critical thinker with strong communication skills?Would you like to gain knowledge and experience from talented professionals in your industry?What does a Software Engineer Internship look like at Tanger Outlets?Interns work on systems analysis, design, and programming; revise and maintain existing automated systems; perform system management and operations; work on day-to-day activities based on business need.Interns also work on special projects to be presented to Tanger’s Executive Leadership Team at the end of the internship.What does a Software Engineer Intern at Tanger Outlets do? Day-to-day activities vary based on business need. Some activities may include but are not limited to: Estimate software development effortsDesign and code updates to new applicationsDesign, implement, and extend additional functionality to existing systems, refactoring where appropriate.Troubleshoot and resolve problems and errors with existing systems.Write code that is stable, reusable, and conforms to team coding style and standards.Balance multiple projects, manage daily work-load, and prioritize tasks.Participate in peer code reviews and technical meetings by providing appropriate and constructive feedback.Maintain communication with team, supervisor, and project manager regarding status of software development.Accurately maintain code in Team Foundation Services (TFS), appropriately documenting and commenting check-in and merge activities.Support QA, UAT, and integration testing efforts, including test case execution when necessaryPrepare and package completed software for production deploymentSmoke test applications as an integral part of the deployment processAccurately record and classify development time in the Software Development Request systemCollaborate closely with team members to understand varying system designs and team coding practices. Participate in pair programming when appropriate.Am I qualified to apply for a Software Engineer Intern position?Junior or Senior pursuing Computer Science or other related degreeFamiliar with VB and/or C# Languages, ASP.NET Web Forms and MVC development, SOAP and REST Web Services (WCF and WebAPI 2), T-SQL , Team Foundation Sever, HTML5/CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)Effective problem solver and critical thinker with strong communication skillsSelf-motivated team member and independent contributorTanger Outlets may provide relocation or housing assistance to interns who live outside of the Triad area. For more information about Tanger Outlets, visit www.tangeroutlet.com. For specific Tanger internship information, visit www.tangeroutlet.com/careers/internships.  EOE. Drug Free Workplace. A background check will be conducted for this position. Tanger Management, LLC participates in E-Verify.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
 Principal Software Engineer  Are you searching for a career where your efforts truly make a difference? At Casenet, we help improve the lives of millions of people – every single day.  Our mission is simple. We create and deliver world class, enterprise software solutions enabling our customers to offer high quality healthcare to their clients at lower costs. Our message and solutions have been exceptionally well received in the market, and we are experiencing explosive growth, both domestically and internationally.  We’re searching for talented, energetic, exceptional people to join our team and drive our continued success. If you’re searching for a rewarding, challenging, fast-paced environment and the opportunity to work on a highly collaborative agile team while making a positive social contribution, you’ve found it! JOB DESCRIPTION:Collaborate and support team members in delivering high-quality software solutions in an agile environmentWork with product management to drive the definition of improvements based on business needsWork closely with SQL Developers and our DevOps & Release Engineering teamWork with Architects to define architecture for the features the team is responsible forAble to act as technical lead for a SCRUM team of 3-5 developersResponsible for overall technical solution design that his team is working onConduct root cause analysis and advanced performance tuning for complex business processes and functionalityMentor other software engineers and provide guidance in their development effortsWrite detailed technical specifications, and participate in technical discussions with other highly skilled engineers and architectsContribute to evolving software excellence, architecture, design, coding standards, testing, patterns, automation, and toolsQUALIFICATIONS:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, MIS, related field or equivalent experience8+ over overall software development experience5+ years of experience developing complex, high-performance enterprise software using Java/J2EE technologiesJava/Spring MVC and Hibernate development and broad experience with relational databases, data modeling, and Object-Oriented software designsExperience in Agile development processesExperience with CI/CDStrong verbal and written communication skillsDemonstrated knowledge of code reviews, unit and regression testingPREFERRED EXPERIENCE:Flex DevelopmentHealthcare industry experience Applicants must have unrestricted authorization to work in the United States.  If qualified, please submit resume here or use http://info.casenetllc.com/apply-to-casenet.  All inquiries and responses are held in strictest confidence. Approved vendors and Principals only, no agency or search referrals will be honored.  This position qualifies for the Casenet, LLC Employee Referral Program. Please contact Human Resources for more information on how to refer candidates for this position.
SentriLock was founded in 2003 on three key attributes that continue to guide the company’s phenomenal growth:Stability. Superior technology. Exceptional customer service.  We are owned by the National Association of REALTORS® — America’s largest trade association representing 1.1 million members involved in all aspects of the residential and commercial real estate industries. NAR ownership provides an uncommon level of stability and assurance to our customers that we’re here for the long haul: our products, our services, and our support staff will be here today, tomorrow, and many years down the road.  SentriLock’s Customer Care program delivers personal, award-winning, U.S. based support to organizations large and small. We were honored to be named the “#1 Lockbox Provider” in North America for three consecutive years*. SentriLockalso was named a 2017 Winner in the Best Places toWork competition held by the Cincinnati Business Courier.  At SentriLock, our pride in what we have accomplished is exceeded only by our excitement over what the future has in store! Make a smart career move! Join an incredibly smart company!SentriLock is customer focused. Because our customers demand a high level of performance, working at SentriLock will challenge you to provide the highest level of service every day. As employees consistently perform at a high level, our customer's fall in love with not only our product, but our service.  For this reason, SentriLock is dedicated to recognizing consistent high performance. SentriLock employees enjoys all of the perks, such as: Market Leading Health, Dental, and Vision InsuranceLife InsuranceHealth Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts401(K) plan with a SentriLock matchGenerous Paid Time OffPaid HolidaysCompetitive Compensation Employees at SentriLock will also experience a fair, consistent environment that encourages development, improvement, and performance. Through real time feedback from management to employee recognition programs, YOU will be recognized! SentriLock is committed to being a Drug Free workplace Job Details  Software Developer I (003362) Job Number: 003362 Job Title: Software Developer I Number of Openings: 1 Job Type (Employment Type): Direct Hire Start Date: 01/25/2018 Country: United States State/Province: Ohio City: West Chester Salary Interval: Per Year Job Schedule: Full Time Job Category: Computers/Information Technology - Programmer Level of Education: Four-Year Degree Years of Experience: 1 Application Deadline: 02/08/2018 Position DescriptionSummary Contribute to IT efforts by debugging, developing and documenting code in SentriLock's systems and serving as IT's first responder for a wide range of system issues. Essential Duties and ResponsibilitiesDebug, develop and document code in SentriLock's systemsContinually perform code maintenance for existing codeWrite code for SentriLock's website and other platformsProduce thorough system documentationParticipate in regular code reviews and apply corrections as necessaryServe as IT's first responder for wide range of system issuesMaintain excellent communication with departments regarding system issues, performance, and improvementsServe as liason between Help Desk Analysts and senior developersFind and fix system malfunctions, inconsistencies, and deficienciesOther duties as assignedParticipate in projects assigned by managerMaintain and follow ISO standardsSeek out and complete appropriate training, development and researchKnowledge of department processesSupport the mission and goals of the companyJob Specific CompetenciesInitiative - Recognizes opportunities and initiates actions to capitalize on them. Looks for new and productive ways to make an impact. Solving Problems - Takes a proactive approach to anticipating and preventing problems. Managing Multiple Priorities - Handles multiple assignments and priorities yet still fulfills all commitments. Readily accepts new responsibilities and adapts well to changes in procedures. Gives appropriate priorities to various work demands. Quality of Work - Has established a track record of producing work that is highly accurate, demonstrates attention to detail and reflects well on the organization. Is personally committed to high quality work and encourages others to have similar standards. Quantity of Work - Produces an amount of work that meets or exceeds job expectations. Makes sure that quality does not suffer as the quantity of work increases. Technical Skills - Possesses the technical skills and knowledge required to perform essential tasks in an efficient and effective manner. Demonstrates the willingness and ability to train or coach others in the technical arena. Position RequirementsEducational Requirements Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Related Degree Required Experience Requirements 1+ Year Co-Op as Developer or Programmer Preferred Familiar with one of the following languages: C++, C, Java, LAMP Stack, HTML, PHP, Pascal, SQL Certification and/or applied knowledge preferred Application Instructions If you qualify for the position, please follow the application instructions. You will be contacted by SentriLock if you meet the qualifications. Apply Online
Primary Responsibilities Provides the technical design of software applications Creating or updating software documentation to reflect current application architectureProvide team with direction on application developmentPerform code reviews as neededUpdating existing software applications to meet changes and enhancements in user storiesUnit testing, validating and documenting all new applications including new versions of existing applications using appropriate validation protocol, testing techniques and documentation methods Provides technical support and guidance to all internal and external application users by Answering questions regarding application design and functionalityAssisting Application Support Personnel in troubleshooting (level III)Supporting and ensuring application functionality including database integrity, data loading, data quality assurance and data exportSecondary Responsibilities Maintains Quality Service and Departmental Standards by Reading, understanding and adhering to organizational Standard Operating Procedures (“SOP”)Assisting in establishing and enforcing departmental standards Contributes to team effort by Working with internal staff to resolve issuesExploring new opportunities to add value to organization and departmental processesHelping others to achieve resultsPerforming other duties as assigned Maintains Technical and Industry Knowledge by Attending and participating in applicable company-sponsored trainingMaintaining a strong understanding of software development trends and technologyMaintaining a strong understanding of the regulatory requirements applicable to applications development in clinical trialsQualifications:Education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field preferred  Coursework in software development and major programming languages preferred  Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer or Sun Certified Java Developer desired Experience: 5+ years’ experience in software development using a commercial programming language such as Java, Visual Basic, C++, or .Net  Worked as a member of an Agile software deliver team  Demonstrated understanding of the development and QA process  Experience working with clinical trials and/or within pharmaceutical environment a plus  Proven problem-solving abilities Additional skill set: Strong motivational skills and abilities – promoting a team based approach  Strong interpersonal and communication skills, both verbal and written  Strong organizational and leadership skills  Goal oriented  Ability to maintain professional and positive attitude Working conditions: Travel: 0-10%  Lifting: 0-10 lbs  Other: Computer work for long periods of time  EEO Statement  Bioclinica is an equal opportunity employer. Bioclinica evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, disability/handicap status or any other legally protected characteristic  This position description should not be deemed all inclusive. Additional requirements and expectations may be assigned. At all times, employees are expected to adhere to company policies and company SOPs.
Software Engineer-15150Position DescriptionIntroduction: The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL), a national leader in scientific research and development, located midway between Baltimore and Washington, DC is seeking a software engineer. Job Summary: Design and develop software applications for use in the engineering and deployment of novel RF communications devices and systems for the intelligence community. Duties (Listed in order of importance with the estimated amount of time spent at each task):Work closely with signal processing and communications engineers to develop applications (Microsoft Windows, Linux, libraries, embedded, DSP, etc.) and tools used for data acquisition, control, and analysis associated with advanced RF communication technologies. Implement current and develop new communication protocols for cross-platform processing. (70%)Rapidly migrate real-time data analysis tools and signal exploitation algorithms to platform specific applications. Participate in field evaluation of applications. Rapidly modify/update software in field according to test results and in response to emergent technical and operational requirements. (20%)Develop and document formal and informal software requirements and specifications from written high-level specifications and simulations of operational algorithms to support development and testing. Document and present work to sponsors and the technical community. (10%)Note: This job summary and listing of duties is for the purpose of describing the position and its essential functions at time of hire and may change over time.Qualifications:Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in computer engineering, computer science and engineering, electrical engineering, physics, math, or equivalent. Experience developing software applications for Microsoft Windows environment. Strong oral and written communication skills. Good organizational skills. Demonstrated experience in coding in C, C#, and/or C++. Demonstrated excellent interpersonal skills, ability to work independently, and demonstrated ability to work as part of a multi-organizational team. Desired Qualifications: Familiarity with Windows graphics programming, TCP/IP networking software. Familiarity with basic RF communications and digital signal processing concepts. Familiarity with Matlab, experience migrating Matlab code to stand-alone applications. Willingness to work on quick-reaction projects in support of the sponsor's operational requirements. Special Working Conditions [Travel, working in closed areas, extended hours]: Limited travel required. Must be eligible for DOD clearance requiring background investigation and/or CI polygraph. Preference for current SSBI. Security: Applicant selected will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. Benefits: APL offers a comprehensive benefits package including a liberal vacation plan, a matching retirement program, significant educational assistance, a scholarship tuition program for staff with dependents, and competitive salaries commensurate with skills and experience. For more information about our organization, please visit our web site at www.jhuapl.edu. Equal Employment Opportunity: Johns Hopkins University/Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that complies with Title IX of the Education Amendments Acts of 1972, as well as other applicable laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.  #LI-DG1Primary Location *United States-*Maryland-*LaurelSchedule Full-time -
To all recruitment agencies: TD Ameritrade does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our job alias, TD Ameritrade employees or any other company location. TD Ameritrade is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.  Our Back Office technology team is looking to fill a number of positions in order to accomplish multiple initiatives within our account opening project teams. This team continues to grow and provide opportunities for career advancement for its team members. They provide training, mentoring, and exposure to various product areas and development work streams. This is a great opportunity for anyone who is willing to learn and broaden their technical and financial industry experience.  The Software Developer I will be responsible for learning analysis and development tasks for TD Ameritrades applications and systems. The incumbent may have 1 2 years of experience working in an application development environment, or may be a recent college graduate with no application development experience.  Contribute to product design tasks of a low, moderate or high complexity which may require research and analysis. Learn the process of product design.May begin to do product design tasks of a low complexity. Contribute to system design and specification development.  Learn the process of system design and specification development. Program logic and flow-charting, testing, debugging, and documentation.Specific skill requirements could vary based on the type of development being performed. Works independently and with supervisory review on low, moderate or highly complex programming tasks. Learns process of programming tasks.Provides analysis of problems and recommends solutions.Prepares program specifications and develops coding logic flowcharts in compliance with secure coding standards. Participates in client interactions, possibly with more senior team members, to develop system solutions to business problems. May work in conjunction with business analysts, but will more likely work in conjunction with more senior developers. Works within established procedures and tools to develop, test, validate security features, code review, implement, and maintain application software throughout the code life-cycle. Works within established procedures and tools to develop, test, and validate security features and code review.Implement and maintain application software throughout the code life-cycle.Learn best practice application.4 Year College Degree; Computer Science or related discipline or equivalent experience0+ Years Related Experience0+ Years Total ExperienceExcellent written and verbal communication skillsBasic knowledge of common software design patterns (Gang of Four)Knowledge of Object Oriented Analysis and DesignKnowledge of distributed systems developmentKnowledge of real time, high volume transaction systems preferredKnowledge of Waterfall, Agile, Test Driven Development or related lifecycle methodologies preferredExperience working with highly concurrent systems preferredKnowledge of multi-threading and concurrencyKnowledge of network programming and sockets preferredFinancial services experience preferred0+ years of (Java, C++, C#, etc.) programming experience requiredExperience with real time processing, relational database systems, and dataAbility to interpret business requirementsExperience with Unix/Linux, WindowsDemonstrated experience working with core business logic within applications
**THIS POSITION REQUIRES THE ABILITY TO OBTAIN A SECRET CLEARANCE**Boeing Intelligence & Analytics ("BI&A"), a subsidiary to The Boeing Company is seeking a Software Developer to join their Agile development team. JOB DUTIES INCLUDE:Interacts with customers, PMs and other development teams to gather, analyze and define requirements to determine the most effective software and web technologies to satisfy the client needsDesigns, Develops, maintains, supports and enhances complex and diverse software systems (e.g., processing-intensive analytics, novel algorithm development, manipulation of extremely large data sets, and real-time systems) based upon documented requirementsUtilizes software engineering and design methodologies appropriate to the development, integration, and enterprise level production environmentReviews and tests software components for adherence to the design requirements and documents test resultsFollows a formal design process using formal specifications, data flow diagrams, and adheres to laws, standards, and established guidelines for development and delivery of software and web applicationsDesigns and develops visually-pleasing, content rich, user-friendly interfaces with intuitive navigationDevelops and maintains software and web development technical documentation to assist with software and web application maintenance and upgradesProvides software process management and configuration management throughout the software / web development life cycle.Recommends new technologies and processes for complex software projects.Analyzes and troubleshoots extremely complex software problems and provides solutions using the latest technologies.Integrates new software and web products with existing software and web applications in order to improve the functionality or design of the system.TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS:Experience with Java, Java Script, Ruby on Rails, Perl, SQL, C/C++, and Shell Scripting.Must be proficient in Unix/Linux environment.Understanding of XML, XSLT, and ETL processes in a clustered environment.Experience in troubleshooting complex data analytic systems in Agile environment.Strong technical understanding of big data concepts, Web Services, UI frameworks,Bachelors Degree with 8 years experience with enterprise level SDLC or Master's Degree with 6 yearsor Associates Degree with 10 years experienceDESIRED SKILLS (although not required):Familiarity with Cloud technologies such as AWS and Hadoop.Familiarity with Jira, Confluence, GIT, Jenkins, Continuous Integration and Test Driven Development.BI&A is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.  Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law (PDF)
 As a Software Engineer in the Front Office you will be part of an agile Digital Transformation team. You will develop features and/or tools related to our new eCommerce and Customer Support Solutions and leverage your programming skills to build applications, automation or enhance tools that improve our customer's digital experience with Motorola Solutions.  Candidates must be currently pursuing a Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field with a graduation date on or after September 1st, 2018.  Skills/experience/interests: Programming experience with a sub-set of the following: JavaScript, Java, mobile apps, webapps, Python, user facing (HTML5/CSS3), JSON, XML, REST APIExperience with Angular or React Javascript Frameworks, or Adobe Experience ManagerProactive approach and enthusiasm for problem identification and solvingStrong interpersonal skillsPassionate about improving the end-user experience and productivityUnderstanding and familiarity with chat bots, machine learning
Description ProKarma is currently seeking a Java Apigee Developer to join our team in Seattle, WA! Qualified candidates must possess thorough knowledge and hands-on experience with Apigee Edge Platform as well as solid understanding of J2EE technologies. ResponsibilitiesExperience in API Design and Development with Apigee Edge PlatformHands-on experience and capable of executing strongly both as an individual contributor and technical championExperience in Java, JEE platform to design, implement, and deploy scalable fault tolerant applications on Apigee Edge PlatformExperience with OOP and GOF Design PatternsExperience developing a System Architecture Document.Experience developing design patterns for clustered high availability applications/reusable & scalable objects/optimized data retrieval and storage/efficient code and non-blocking multi-threaded applications.Experience providing Web Service design using Representational State Transfer (REST) and Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP).Experience performing Audit Java Security, Authentication, and Authorization of application.Experience providing Apigee Edge Platform diagnostic and troubleshooting ability.Experience identifying existing issues and pro-actively recommend solutions for upcoming issues.Experience providing subject matter expertise through a detailed knowledge of Java, UNIX/LINUX environment from a system administration and development point of view and may be in form of knowledge transfer or more formal training.Experience in designing topology for application hosting on premise and cloud environmentQualifications6+ years in software developmentB.S. degree in Information Technology or other technical disciplineKnowledge and hands-on experience with Apigee Edge PlatformGood understanding of J2EE technologiesGood Understanding of HTTP specification, REST, JSON and XMLUnderstanding of JavaScriptUnderstanding of TLS, certificates, keystore and truststoreGood understanding of oAuthUnderstanding of API testingInnovative, independent, self-motivated, and able to work under tight deadlinesStrong problem solving, troubleshooting, planning, and organizational skillsProven sense of high accountability and self-drive to take on and see through challengesFamiliarity with Scrum or similar agile practicesGood Communication skills to expand on listening skillsAbility to distill complex requirementsCertification with Java /JEE /Apigee
Title – Software DeveloperDuration - Contract to HireLocation – Seattle, WA Client is the world's fastest growing private online footwear and apparel destination with over 500 brands and 8 million customers across the US and Canada. Our team continuously strives to meet our vision to become the premier global shopping destination for customers to get expert advice and discover leading, boutique and exclusive brands. It takes a dedicated team of brilliant people that are passionate about their work to make this vision possible. If you want to work for a company where you’ll be supported by strong leadership, inspired to be your best self, where you will be challenged, and where you can learn from your peers, then client is the place for you. A bit about your team.... In Technology, we are the people who have the honor of bringing ideas to life. We strive to make the impossible possible. Not persuaded by the comforts of the status quo, we thrive in an ever-evolving, fast-paced environment where imagination is constantly being turned into reality. We pride ourselves on being the agents of change who empower our business to define the beat of the market. We deal in stellar attitudes, rigorous challenges, and a passion for problem solving. We are eclectic. We are pioneers. And we love what we do. What we want from youCreativity and Passion for all things technology.A desire to be part of a team that celebrates the 'wins'.Developing awesome solutions that impact our Customers.What you'll get from usTeam members that have your back.A chance to use and grow all of your coding skills.A let's make it happen attitude - a fun and dynamic environment.The Long of it: The ideal candidate enjoys the freedom to make it happen. S/he must be a motivated self-starter that possess both sound judgment and strong analytical and problem solving skills. S/he must be able to communicate effectively across various audiences. S/he thrives in a fast-paced, agile team environment, managing multiple priorities, and adapts to the changes that occurs within a growing ecommerce company. Finally, s/he must possess a strong sense of passion and commitment. Knowledge, Skills, and Educational Requirements3+ years of experience: C#, ASP.NET MVC, and SQL Server, preferably in a high-transaction, e-commerce environmentExperience with HTML (Responsive / Mobile), CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery and Web API (SOAP / REST).Experience with (or working knowledge of) front-end and structural frameworks like Zurb Foundation, Twitter Bootstrap, and AngularJS.Experience in Agile Development Methods (e.g. Scrum) and DevOps principles.Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Human Computer Interaction, Information Systems, or equivalent education and experience.ResponsibilitiesDevelop responsive, scalable solutions that leverage best practices.Promote & develop relevant and emerging technologies that enhances our platform capabilities.Partner with software architects and other developers to define application and database architecture.Partner with leading technology providers to develop and implement new and innovative solutions.Perform peer code reviews, unit, regression, and system testing.Most of all, have fun doing what you love with other team members.
 At GoDaddy, we strive to make our customers successful by creating innovative solutions and managing those solutions to provide exceptional customer service. Our platforms utilize open source software, perform at a large scale, and push the limits of technology. Some examples include: petabytes of internet addressable storage, multi-thousands of content serving servers, multi-level caching tiers, configuration management, continuous deployment, and everything between.  GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and over 71 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. To learn more about the company visitwww.GoDaddy.com.  We're looking for a passionate software engineer who has a keen understanding of high performance, scalable architectures and technologies. You will have an active role in developing new features for our latest hosting products using a variety of technologies. Your contribution will have a direct and visible contribution to GoDaddy’s growth in domestic and international markets.  You will be working on a collaborative agile team who embraces TDD, CI/CD, rapid, iterative development, and Open Source technologies. The right individual will be self-driven and someone who cares about maintainability of the code, automation, deployment processes and how to enable innovation. They will go beyond just development and help to shape the engineering culture and best practices here at GoDaddy. Responsibilities:Coding, unit testing, and integration testingDebug complex issues found in production between multiple systems or servicesDesign fault tolerant, redundant systems that are highly availableLeverage modern best practices such as Test Driven Development and Continuous Integration to deliver early and oftenParticipate in and help lead various agile ceremony meetings (Sprint Planning, Stand-up, Pair-Programming, Code Reviews, Retrospective, etc.)Coach other members of the team on technology and best practicesRequirements:BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Math, or equivalent experienceExpertise in multiple modern programming languages across multiple platforms and systems (Java, Python, PHP, C#, Ruby, etc.)Comfortable with full development stack (e.g. UX, Web, API, Business Logic, database).Expert knowledge in Scrum and/or other agile development methodologiesExperience in a mixed operating system environment (Windows, Linux)Lifelong learner, always willing to accept new opportunities and always curious to gain new skills#LI-LM1About GoDaddy GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and over 72 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. To learn more about the company visit www.GoDaddy.com.  GoDaddy is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, medical condition, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. GoDaddy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements.  If you need assistance completing an application for a position with us, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at Recruiting@godaddy.com
 Software Engineer  Location: San  Francisco - California - United States  Requisition ID: 1800000014 Position Overview Do  you want to create engaging, helpful, and attractive websites that are visited  by millions? Autodesk’s Web Delivery Team is looking for talented backend engineers  who are passionate about technology to join our globally distributed team and  help us develop beautiful, personalized website experiences.  As  part of the Web Delivery Engineering team, you will be implementing exciting  new features that engage and influence Autodesk customers. Our team faces a  variety of unique and interesting challenges, from creating new tools and  components, implementing critical web services, creating new and engaging  end-user experiences, to digging into low-level performance details and  streamlining processes. To be successful in this role, you’ll need a solid  foundation in server-side Java programming, and a desire to tackle new  challenges head-on. This is your chance to work with a team of experienced and  talented individuals and have your work seen and used by millions. Responsibilities ·  Develop, create, and  modify general computer applications software or specialized utility programs.  Analyze user needs and develop software solutions.  ·  Develop high quality,  stable code for use in products and solutions for customers. Ensure new code  conforms to established coding standards and meets the feature specification.  Document new code and features developed, including changes to existing code.  ·  Validate and  sufficiently explain features for QA to finalize test cases and Tech Pubs to  create user documentation.  ·  Participate in peer code  reviews to ensure proper documentation on features and interoperability within  the entire system. Maintain, troubleshoot and debug code, as required.  ·  Test newly developed  features to ensure proper functioning prior to release to QA.  ·  Participate in  developing test plans, including regression tests, for newly developed software  or feature.  ·  Write and maintain the  code so that it can be tested using automatic methods. Ensure new code, feature  or software product meets performance goals and does not adversely impact the  performance of existing subsystems.  ·  Work with Product  Management/Product Design/QA to understand and help refine functional  requirements for new products or upgrades.  ·  Develop industry  specific documents and diagrams to outline architecture and relationships  between subsystems and participates in review of those designs.  ·  Research and analyze  existing legacy architecture and software code to understand the code at both  the low-level and higher architectural level for making enhancements or  resolving defects and performance issues.  ·  Participate in planning  and design review meetings with technical leads and project managers to  determine schedules, review technical problems, and assign tasks and resources.  ·  Track progress with  respect to plan, inform Project Manager of delays and supply new estimates of  completion as needed. Resolve existing feature defects logged by customers or  QA and document all changes made.  ·  Utilize graduate-level  research and analytical skills.  ·  May telecommute. Minimum QualificationsMaster's Degree (Computer Science, Engineering or  related)You have 1 year of experience in the job offered or in  a software development/engineering-related occupationYou have completed  at least one academic term of  graduate-level coursework or internship in the following skills:Design and develop web applications using programming  languages such as JavaScript;Design both relational and non-relational data models  and database schemas;Develop web applications using Java, MySQL, & the  Play frameworks;Understand & analyze business requirements and  translate them into software requirements;Design and develop interactive user interfaces using  HTML, CSS, & JavaScript;Design & develop front-end components for the  Adobe Experience Manager platform using frameworks such as ExtJS and  Angular JS;Design & develop OSGI based back-end web services  for the Adobe Experience Manager platform using Java Servlets, Apache  Sling, and the Java Content Repository; andUtilize systematic approaches to software design,  project management, implementation, documentation, and maintenance.About Autodesk With Autodesk software, you have the power to  Make Anything. The future of making is here, bringing with it radical changes  in the way things are designed, made, and used. It’s disrupting every industry:  architecture, engineering, and construction; manufacturing; and media and  entertainment. With the right knowledge and tools, this disruption is your  opportunity.  Our software is used by everyone - from design  professionals, engineers and architects to digital artists, students and  hobbyists. We constantly explore new ways to integrate all dimensions of  diversity across our employees, customers, partners, and communities. Our  ultimate goal is to expand opportunities for anyone to imagine, design, and  make a better world.
 Software Engineer Location  Colonie, NY Job Code  MidSD-11-17 # of openings 1Apply NowWHO we are and WHY you want to work at Auto/Mate Dealership Systems! We are a leading provider of dealership management system software to over 1,350 retail automotive dealerships nationwide. Auto/Mate has received DrivingSales Dealer Satisfaction Awards 5 years running (2012-2016) and has been recognized by the Albany Business Review as one of the “Best Places to Work” Eight Years Running! Not to mention, Ok, we will mention winning the Times Union Top Workplaces Award consistently from 2012-2017 and finishing 1’st among 20 companies with 125-499 employees. As for customer support, Auto/Mate was ranked #1 in 12 out of 16 categories, including overall customer satisfaction, products and services, flexibility of software and prompt follow-up in the 2009 NADA Dealership Satisfaction Survey of Dealer System Providers, Product and Services. So if that is not enough to wet your whistle, how about this: casual dress code, company gym, getting a random email at work letting you know that there is an ice cream truck outside, watching the CEO flip burgers at one of our frequent BBQ’s, Holiday parties, Tailgate parties, and our infamous Hawaiian Day! When you work hard, we reward you for it and when you join Auto/Mate you join a family. The Role: Mid-level Software Engineer You will be working with a team of developers to determine technology solutions, define application architecture and implement business logic. You will collaborate with product owners to implement software that meets the needs of the user and the business while maintaining code integrity. Job Responsibilities:Apply the fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures related to object-oriented software design and development.Collaborate with cross-functional teams to solve complex problems.Research and evaluate new technologies to update our current technology stack.Provide technical guidance to junior team members.Balance multiple tasks and projects at one time.Qualifications:A minimum THREE years of professional software development experienceBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field preferredProficient in Object Oriented Programming (preferably in Java)Ability to work collaboratively as part of a team of software engineersProfessional experience with database use and designUnderstanding of REST and SOAP web servicesFamiliarity with application serversAuto/Mate’s Tech Stack:Java 1.8HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular.jsPostgreSQL 9SpringApache Tomcat 7Eclipse or IntelliJ IDEGradleAmazon Web Services (AWS)What We Offer:Competitive SalaryMedical/Dental/Vision Insurance (Traditional and High Deductible options available)Paid Time Off (Vacation, Sick, Holidays and Volunteering)401K, with company matchLife InsuranceVoluntary Supplemental Insurance (Disability, Accident, Cancer, Specified Disease)Tuition ReimbursementEmployee Training and Development OpportunitiesCorporate Wellness ProgramTeam/family environment with perks including Bagel and company sponsored day trips!Casual attire with a fun and professional work environmentAuto/Mate Dealership Systems is an Equal Opportunity Employer and as such, does not discriminate in its hiring or employment practices
DescriptionResponsibilities:Develop new software for Cellcom, a leading 4G cellphone provider in WI and MI.Work Environment:Part of one of our four development teamsGrowing IT department and companyFast-pacedAgileSkills and RequirementsWicked smartAwesome problem solverPassion for writing good codeSense of humorEducation –Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience3-5 years of relevant development experienceNeed to have solid knowledge of PHP and JavascriptWould be nice to have experience with SQL, MVC , XML, JSON, REST, Laravel and/or Symfony, e-commerce development, CMS development, CSS, HTML, Linux, and bashBenefitsWorking with us – we’re fun!Competitive medical, dental, 401KDiscounted Cellcom phone and phone plan for you and your family (up to 5 lines)Competitive pay dependent on your skills and experienceCompany InformationNsight is the parent company of Cellcom, Nsight Telservices, and Nsight Tower.Services we provide in the Midwest include: WirelessBusiness and residential local serviceLong distanceInternetWeb hostingTower construction and maintenanceWe are an employer of choice in the state of Wisconsin, based on: Green initiativesCommitment to customer serviceLocal philanthropic efforts amy.werth@nsight.com
 365 Retail Markets, a rapidly growing self-checkout technology company with offices in Metro Detroit, Santa Clara, and Orem, creates technology that connects people with products at work. Our proprietary 365 technology provides a turnkey platform that allows customers to increase sales, improve the customer experience, and increase profits, while reducing operating costs!  This position is located within the Development department of 365 Retail Markets and reports to the Director of Software Development. The Software Developer role will be responsible for all aspects of software development from interpreting software requirements to coding, unit test, and documentation, mentoring other engineers, as well as supporting the release of developed software into production. The Sr. Software Engineer will work with peers within a team environment to jointly develop and enhance applications within the 365 Retail Markets product suite.  Essential Functions&Responsibilities Develop leading edge distributed systems, including interactive, windows based user experience applications, web and mobile applications, and enterprise level financial and reporting back-end systems - Work with technologies that include Java, JavaScript, JQuery, ReactJS and MySql or MariaDbDevelop, maintain, and encourage automated unit testsParticipate in the development of technology roadmaps, future system architecture, as well as ongoing customer experience enhancementsResponsible for the quality and maintainability of the software developed.Document your work in a clear manner that will enable others to work with your software easilyResponsible for enhancing the developed software to meet evolving requirementsOther Duties as assigned by Technology LeadershipRequirementsBachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalentA minimum of 8 years work experience developing software, with at least 4 years working in a Linux based environment ?Experience with Eclipse or IntelliJ and Git/GitHub source repository.Experience developing Service Oriented Applications using JavaDemonstrated knowledge and some experience with MySql/MariaDbExperience working in an Agile/Scrum environmentExperience with distributed systems is a plusDemonstrated dedication to projects and companyAttention to detailA strong understanding of software development fundamentals, including Test Driven DevelopmentStrong written and verbal communication skills Employment Details  Employment Type: Full Time  Department: Development  Career Level: Experienced; non manager  Travel: 0% - 10%  Location: Orem, UT
 We are seeking a Senior C++SoftwareDeveloper to help design, build, and operate our state of the art trading systems. Ideally, you’d work out of our Denver office. What will you be doing? As the member of a software project team, you will be doing work that directly affects our ability to trade every day. You will work with a strong team of developers & analysts that will create, maintain and support the tools and software that make up our mission-critical trading applications. On any given day you may find yourself doing the following: Writing low-latency, high-throughput C++ routines and librariesBuilding applications that leverage internal data to meet various reporting requirementsAnalyzing enormous amounts of dataLearning how exchanges work; learning how trading works; learning how Quantlab operatesWho are you?You are a continuous learner, passionate about technology and want to know how things workYou have a proven record of delivering high-quality software in modern C++ in a Linux environmentYou take initiative, own your work, and are persistent in following your products into productionYou develop manageable and maintainable software; you build things you’re proud ofYou are smart. Challenges excite you. You easily abstract simplicity from complex systemsYou leverage engineering best practices like Continuous Delivery and BDD for fast feedback and learning cyclesOur ideal candidates bring many of the following attributes to the table.You’re up to date on modern C++ standards and have been using C++11/14 professionally or in your personal projectsMany years of experience optimizing low latency code for nanosecond latenciesHave worked on the full stack including high speed network design, firmware, kernel modification, compiler modification, and distributed system designSeveral years of experience writing code using BDD/TDD processesThorough understanding of and experience with Continuous Delivery and DeploymentAre able to teach and elevate the team with existing knowledgeExperience in the automated trading domainWho we are: Quantlab is a dynamic, technology-driven firm supporting a large-scale quantitative trading operation across a wide range of global financial markets. Founded in 1998, Quantlab is an established presence and one of the pioneers in quantitative investment management with a track record of consistent profitability under varying market conditions.  Quantlab supports a very successful proprietary trading organization (similar to a hedge fund, but no outside investors, so we are much more stable). We invest heavily in the latest technologies, seeking to optimize performance and minimize latency throughout our trading systems. Why you should work with us: Technology and Scientific Research are central to our business and key to our success. We are constantly pushing the boundaries of technology, from high performance computing (HPC) clusters attached to petabytes of storage, to ultra-low latency hardware (FPGA, RF, servers and switches), to highly optimized operating systems, and applications developed in-house. Quantlab attracts very talented and collaborative people who bring fresh and interdisciplinary solutions to trading. Our business casual environment has an entrepreneurial spirit that encourages creativity, agility, and continuous improvement.
 We have a wide variety of career opportunities around the world come find yours. Information Technology The United IT team designs, develops and maintains massively scaling technology solutions that are brought to life with innovative architectures, data analytics and digital solutions. Job overview and responsibilities As a senior developer on the Crew IT team, you will be responsible in developing and/or enhancing various Crew Platform based applications, with business team and analysts to understand the requirements, translates requirements into technical approaches, communicates and presents technical approaches and ensures successful implementation.  • Lead software development during the design/build phases of the SDLC Develop appropriate software documentationWorks/Consults across multiple projectsWorks on complex projects that require subject matter expertiseDemonstrate exceptional knowledge of development methodologies, software design and design patterns, integration standards as well as its applicability at coding and testing cyclesWork with Agile Scrum Masters and Product Owners to understand Agile Stories and Acceptance CriteriaResponsible for making sure in-progress builds follow the approved designsPerform coding and proper unit and integration testingMentor other developers and perform peer code reviewsDocument deployment steps as neededWork with Dev Ops team to deploy changes in UAT and Production environmentsIdentify new trends and technologies in the IT industry and leverage them Required • Bachelors in Computer Science/Information Technology or related fieldFull Stack .NET Developer working with C#, ASP.NET, MVC, Web API, AJAX, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular, SQL Server.Web application and windows services development using C# and ASP.NET with SQL Server backendBuild web services/APIs using Web APIUse SQL Server & write complex SQL queries and stored proceduresStrong analytical skills: Ability to collect, organize, and analyze data; summarize findings and develop conclusions and recommendationsSelf -starter who takes initiative and is proactiveAbility to prioritize a high volume of tasksAbility to communicate at all levels of the organization, including management and end-usersExcellent communication and presentation skills5+ years of .NET development experience  • Must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer without sponsorshipSuccessful completion of interview required to meet job qualificationReliable, punctual attendance is an essential function of the position PreferredMasters in Computer Science/Information Technology or related field Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT
Associate DeveloperVelosio is seeking Associate Developers to join our award-winning team from our offices in Cleveland, Columbus, or Cincinnati, OH and Atlanta, GA.Ideal candidates will be self-motivated, collaborative professionals, with an ability to creatively solve client business, process and application issues by developing modifications, customizations and integrations utilizing .NET Framework and related technologies.To the qualified Associate Developer we offer: A rapid on-boarding program designed to accelerate learning and goal achievement, delivered by an accomplished leadership team dedicated to your personal success.A rich benefits package including, medical, dental, life, and disability insurance, 401K with matching, fitness incentives and a highly collaborative and autonomous work environment.Over the years, Velosio has lived up to the promise of its name by delivering world-class ERP, CRM, Business Intelligence and Cloud solutions to more than 3000 clients. As our technology partners, Microsoft, NetSuite, Syspro, Sage, continue to transform their platforms, clients rely upon our sales and consulting teams to recommend and deliver value-centric solutions that contribute to their growth and market leadership. To learn more about us, visit: www.velosio.comJob Duties of Associate Developers:Perform remote or on-site software customization/development services.Provides technical and functional knowledge of the Microsoft Dynamics development technologies for clients and functional consultants.Work with functional team to design, test, and implement customizations.Provide end-user training and end-user support.Perform ongoing development services to existing clients as needed via email/phone support and on-site visits.Follow Development best practices and ensure that modifications are well documented.Attain product certifications as necessaryQualifications of Associate Developers:Bachelors degree in computer science, or equivalent.Excellent organizational skills, attention to quality, self-motivation and a desire to succeed.Possesses a professional presence suitable for direct client interaction by telephone or in-person.Solid understanding of the .NET Framework (specifically ASP.NET) and related technologies.Ability to translate experience to creatively solve client business, process and application issues.Development experience with ERP platforms including Dynamics GP, SAP, JD Edwards, Oracle, Navision, PeopleSoft is a plus.Knowledge and experience with C# development or data migration/integration tools a plus.Knowledge and experience of integrating data via web services a plus.EEO/AA
 commercetools is changing the way consumers engage digitally with brands. By use of a highly available microservice platform, and open source development patterns, commercetools is fundamentally enabling digitized shopping in the new distributed commerce era. By means of an extensive e-commerce API set, digital commerce processes and technologies are connected flexibly. For our Durham based tech office we are looking for a talented Senior Software Developer in our new tech hub in downtown Durham, NC.  Up for a new challenge in changing e-commerce? Here is your chance! RESPONSIBILITIES:Reporting to the Technical Director North America you will work on projects in different areas with focus on full-stack developmentIndependent handling of special IT projectsDevelop extensions to the core productIntegrate platform to external APIs and vendor interfacesAs needed support for our US customers and partnersSupport the Technical Director and our German Systems Engineers/DevOps team with admin and ops tasks (such as deployment automation, working on accounts, CDN, security, logs, etc.)Help to organize and conduct technical trainings to our partnersSupport in the architecture and estimation process for new projectsSupport for technical pre-sales meetingsREQUIREMENTS:Degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering or comparable educationAt least three years of practical full-time development work experienceKnowledge of common programming languages (imperative and functional, preferred in Java, JavaScript/ES6)Must have Linux and cloud computing experienceFast learner with a quick perception who can understand the intricacies and challenges of a multi-tenant, API based e-commerce platform built on the newest technologiesEnthusiastic to dive deeper into the DevOps worldOutstanding problem-solving ability and analytical skillsHigh hands-on, get-it-done mentalityAspiration to constantly improve yourself and learn new technologies and conceptsVery good English language skillsTeam player with good communication skills, high reliability and a good dose of pragmatismAuthorized to work for any US employerAvailability ASAPNICE TO HAVE:Working experience with: Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, RackspaceDockerCI/CDNoSQL database (MongoDB)WHAT WE OFFER:100% coverage of the employee's health care, vision and dental insuranceCompany contribution towards dependent coverage401k (retirement savings)Maternity/paternity leavePTO and Company HolidaysSome pre-tax benefits through the PEOPossibility for relocation assistanceGreat team of highly qualified and motivated Software Engineers who work with a mutual respect and appreciation, take responsibility and evolve togetherWork on and with Open Source SoftwareJoint decisions regarding tools and approachesNew technologies (Java 8, asynchronous IO, reactive architectures, microservices, etc.) Attend (and organize) internal trainings, workshops, tech talks as well as hackathons, meetups and conferencesChallenging and meaningful projects in a company with over 10 years of historyWorking with one of the technology leaders in the growing e-commerce businessLong-term and strategic stability by being a 100% subsidiary of REWE Digital (part of the REWE Group)Growing, international company with three offices in Berlin, Munich, and DurhamCollegial, open working atmosphere and scope for new ideasHealthy feedback and error culture and a climate of mutual appreciationModern workplaces and technology (e.g. MacBooks) in bright offices (open-plan spaces as well as conference rooms and smaller rooms for quiet times)Flexible, family-friendly working hours and the possibility of working from homeFree water, coffee, tea, snacks Come grow with us!
 InterSystems is looking for a Software Developer to join our SQL team building a high-performance, distributed, parallel SQL engine. In particular, we want someone motivated by the challenge of designing and implementing non-trivial algorithms for producing efficient execution strategies. These strategies will need to exploit concurrency, communication, novel index structures, and customized low-level primitives provided by our kernel team.  Our SQL team is a small group responsible for a critical component of InterSystems’ core data platform. As a result, it is essential that we understand how to leverage our abilities to deliver the outsized gains in functionality and performance that our customers demand. We must find designs that are elegant and powerful, then drive them to completion ourselves. This individual responsibility extends to resolving customer issues, which range from simple bug fixes and enhancements to deep investigations of performance and correctness issues.  If this kind of high-impact, performance-critical development appeals to you, please consider joining us.  Required: Significant (3-5 years+) software development experience.MS or better in computer science or related discipline, OR an exceptional portfolio of relevant industry work.Experience designing and implementing non-trivial algorithms.Strong familiarity with database concepts such as relations, transactions, invariants, ACID. Preferred: Knowledge of SQL, especially in an implementation context.Previous work developing systems software. Databases preferred, but operating systems, advanced graphics, or similarly complex systems are also relevant.Previous work in concurrent or distributed systems or applications.Previous work in performance-sensitive systems or applications. InterSystems provides the information engines that power some of the worlds most important applications. In healthcare, finance, government, and other sectors where lives and livelihoods are at stake, InterSystems has been a strategic technology provider since 1978. InterSystems is a privately held company headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts (USA), with offices worldwide, and its software products are used daily by millions of people in more than 100 countries. For more information about InterSystems, the Cache database, Ensemble, HealthShare, TrakCare and more, please visit intersystems.com.
 Software Developer  If you are a Software Developer with experience developing web-based applications in .NET and C#, please read on!  We're a 5-year-old early stage startup that has skyrocketed with business over the last 2 years. We provide a cutting-edge software platform for the educational systems across the US. There are about 10-15 employees currently and we're a very engineering-centric company. We're based in beautiful Carlsbad California and we offer an amazing office culture, environment, and an incredible 31 paid days off per year!  We're looking for a talented C#/.NET Developer with anywhere from 3-7 years of experience (give or take). This is somewhat of a full stack role so some Javascript skills will be necessary and you should be proficient in JQuery.This person MUST be strong with LINQ! We're looking for people who have worked on client-facing web applications and have actually contributed. What we are NOT looking for, is someone who has all of these skills listed on their resume, but never actually worked with them.What You Will Be DoingWriting New Features and Code for cutting-edge software platformHelp architect new releases and feature list (we're a small and collaborative team)Wearing multiple startup style hats! What You Need for this Position At Least 3 Years of experience and knowledge of: C#.NETASP.NETMVCSQLJavaScript/JQueryLINQEntity Framework (nice to have)Visual StudioSQL Server Management Studio So, if you are a Software Developer with experience using LINQ, for C# and .NET applications, please apply today!Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
SentriLock was founded in 2003 on three key attributes that continue to guide the company’s phenomenal growth:Stability. Superior technology. Exceptional customer service.  We are owned by the National Association of REALTORS® — America’s largest trade association representing 1.1 million members involved in all aspects of the residential and commercial real estate industries. NAR ownership provides an uncommon level of stability and assurance to our customers that we’re here for the long haul: our products, our services, and our support staff will be here today, tomorrow, and many years down the road.  SentriLock’s Customer Care program delivers personal, award-winning, U.S. based support to organizations large and small. We were honored to be named the “#1 Lockbox Provider” in North America for three consecutive years*. SentriLockalso was named a 2017 Winner in the Best Places toWork competition held by the Cincinnati Business Courier.  At SentriLock, our pride in what we have accomplished is exceeded only by our excitement over what the future has in store! Make a smart career move! Join an incredibly smart company!SentriLock is customer focused. Because our customers demand a high level of performance, working at SentriLock will challenge you to provide the highest level of service every day. As employees consistently perform at a high level, our customer's fall in love with not only our product, but our service.  For this reason, SentriLock is dedicated to recognizing consistent high performance. SentriLock employees enjoys all of the perks, such as: Market Leading Health, Dental, and Vision InsuranceLife InsuranceHealth Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts401(K) plan with a SentriLock matchGenerous Paid Time OffPaid HolidaysCompetitive Compensation Employees at SentriLock will also experience a fair, consistent environment that encourages development, improvement, and performance. Through real time feedback from management to employee recognition programs, YOU will be recognized! SentriLock is committed to being a Drug Free workplace Job Details  Software Developer I (003362) Job Number: 003362 Job Title: Software Developer I Number of Openings: 1 Job Type (Employment Type): Direct Hire Start Date: 01/25/2018 Country: United States State/Province: Ohio City: West Chester Salary Interval: Per Year Job Schedule: Full Time Job Category: Computers/Information Technology - Programmer Level of Education: Four-Year Degree Years of Experience: 1 Application Deadline: 02/08/2018 Position DescriptionSummary Contribute to IT efforts by debugging, developing and documenting code in SentriLock's systems and serving as IT's first responder for a wide range of system issues. Essential Duties and ResponsibilitiesDebug, develop and document code in SentriLock's systemsContinually perform code maintenance for existing codeWrite code for SentriLock's website and other platformsProduce thorough system documentationParticipate in regular code reviews and apply corrections as necessaryServe as IT's first responder for wide range of system issuesMaintain excellent communication with departments regarding system issues, performance, and improvementsServe as liason between Help Desk Analysts and senior developersFind and fix system malfunctions, inconsistencies, and deficienciesOther duties as assignedParticipate in projects assigned by managerMaintain and follow ISO standardsSeek out and complete appropriate training, development and researchKnowledge of department processesSupport the mission and goals of the companyJob Specific CompetenciesInitiative - Recognizes opportunities and initiates actions to capitalize on them. Looks for new and productive ways to make an impact. Solving Problems - Takes a proactive approach to anticipating and preventing problems. Managing Multiple Priorities - Handles multiple assignments and priorities yet still fulfills all commitments. Readily accepts new responsibilities and adapts well to changes in procedures. Gives appropriate priorities to various work demands. Quality of Work - Has established a track record of producing work that is highly accurate, demonstrates attention to detail and reflects well on the organization. Is personally committed to high quality work and encourages others to have similar standards. Quantity of Work - Produces an amount of work that meets or exceeds job expectations. Makes sure that quality does not suffer as the quantity of work increases. Technical Skills - Possesses the technical skills and knowledge required to perform essential tasks in an efficient and effective manner. Demonstrates the willingness and ability to train or coach others in the technical arena. Position RequirementsEducational Requirements Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Related Degree Required Experience Requirements 1+ Year Co-Op as Developer or Programmer Preferred Familiar with one of the following languages: C++, C, Java, LAMP Stack, HTML, PHP, Pascal, SQL Certification and/or applied knowledge preferred Application Instructions If you qualify for the position, please follow the application instructions. You will be contacted by SentriLock if you meet the qualifications. Apply Online
Software Engineer-15150Position DescriptionIntroduction: The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL), a national leader in scientific research and development, located midway between Baltimore and Washington, DC is seeking a software engineer. Job Summary: Design and develop software applications for use in the engineering and deployment of novel RF communications devices and systems for the intelligence community. Duties (Listed in order of importance with the estimated amount of time spent at each task):Work closely with signal processing and communications engineers to develop applications (Microsoft Windows, Linux, libraries, embedded, DSP, etc.) and tools used for data acquisition, control, and analysis associated with advanced RF communication technologies. Implement current and develop new communication protocols for cross-platform processing. (70%)Rapidly migrate real-time data analysis tools and signal exploitation algorithms to platform specific applications. Participate in field evaluation of applications. Rapidly modify/update software in field according to test results and in response to emergent technical and operational requirements. (20%)Develop and document formal and informal software requirements and specifications from written high-level specifications and simulations of operational algorithms to support development and testing. Document and present work to sponsors and the technical community. (10%)Note: This job summary and listing of duties is for the purpose of describing the position and its essential functions at time of hire and may change over time.Qualifications:Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in computer engineering, computer science and engineering, electrical engineering, physics, math, or equivalent. Experience developing software applications for Microsoft Windows environment. Strong oral and written communication skills. Good organizational skills. Demonstrated experience in coding in C, C#, and/or C++. Demonstrated excellent interpersonal skills, ability to work independently, and demonstrated ability to work as part of a multi-organizational team. Desired Qualifications: Familiarity with Windows graphics programming, TCP/IP networking software. Familiarity with basic RF communications and digital signal processing concepts. Familiarity with Matlab, experience migrating Matlab code to stand-alone applications. Willingness to work on quick-reaction projects in support of the sponsor's operational requirements. Special Working Conditions [Travel, working in closed areas, extended hours]: Limited travel required. Must be eligible for DOD clearance requiring background investigation and/or CI polygraph. Preference for current SSBI. Security: Applicant selected will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. Benefits: APL offers a comprehensive benefits package including a liberal vacation plan, a matching retirement program, significant educational assistance, a scholarship tuition program for staff with dependents, and competitive salaries commensurate with skills and experience. For more information about our organization, please visit our web site at www.jhuapl.edu. Equal Employment Opportunity: Johns Hopkins University/Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that complies with Title IX of the Education Amendments Acts of 1972, as well as other applicable laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.  #LI-DG1Primary Location *United States-*Maryland-*LaurelSchedule Full-time -
**THIS POSITION REQUIRES THE ABILITY TO OBTAIN A SECRET CLEARANCE**Boeing Intelligence & Analytics ("BI&A"), a subsidiary to The Boeing Company is seeking a Software Developer to join their Agile development team. JOB DUTIES INCLUDE:Interacts with customers, PMs and other development teams to gather, analyze and define requirements to determine the most effective software and web technologies to satisfy the client needsDesigns, Develops, maintains, supports and enhances complex and diverse software systems (e.g., processing-intensive analytics, novel algorithm development, manipulation of extremely large data sets, and real-time systems) based upon documented requirementsUtilizes software engineering and design methodologies appropriate to the development, integration, and enterprise level production environmentReviews and tests software components for adherence to the design requirements and documents test resultsFollows a formal design process using formal specifications, data flow diagrams, and adheres to laws, standards, and established guidelines for development and delivery of software and web applicationsDesigns and develops visually-pleasing, content rich, user-friendly interfaces with intuitive navigationDevelops and maintains software and web development technical documentation to assist with software and web application maintenance and upgradesProvides software process management and configuration management throughout the software / web development life cycle.Recommends new technologies and processes for complex software projects.Analyzes and troubleshoots extremely complex software problems and provides solutions using the latest technologies.Integrates new software and web products with existing software and web applications in order to improve the functionality or design of the system.TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS:Experience with Java, Java Script, Ruby on Rails, Perl, SQL, C/C++, and Shell Scripting.Must be proficient in Unix/Linux environment.Understanding of XML, XSLT, and ETL processes in a clustered environment.Experience in troubleshooting complex data analytic systems in Agile environment.Strong technical understanding of big data concepts, Web Services, UI frameworks,Bachelors Degree with 8 years experience with enterprise level SDLC or Master's Degree with 6 yearsor Associates Degree with 10 years experienceDESIRED SKILLS (although not required):Familiarity with Cloud technologies such as AWS and Hadoop.Familiarity with Jira, Confluence, GIT, Jenkins, Continuous Integration and Test Driven Development.BI&A is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.  Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law (PDF)
Description ProKarma is currently seeking a Java Apigee Developer to join our team in Seattle, WA! Qualified candidates must possess thorough knowledge and hands-on experience with Apigee Edge Platform as well as solid understanding of J2EE technologies. ResponsibilitiesExperience in API Design and Development with Apigee Edge PlatformHands-on experience and capable of executing strongly both as an individual contributor and technical championExperience in Java, JEE platform to design, implement, and deploy scalable fault tolerant applications on Apigee Edge PlatformExperience with OOP and GOF Design PatternsExperience developing a System Architecture Document.Experience developing design patterns for clustered high availability applications/reusable & scalable objects/optimized data retrieval and storage/efficient code and non-blocking multi-threaded applications.Experience providing Web Service design using Representational State Transfer (REST) and Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP).Experience performing Audit Java Security, Authentication, and Authorization of application.Experience providing Apigee Edge Platform diagnostic and troubleshooting ability.Experience identifying existing issues and pro-actively recommend solutions for upcoming issues.Experience providing subject matter expertise through a detailed knowledge of Java, UNIX/LINUX environment from a system administration and development point of view and may be in form of knowledge transfer or more formal training.Experience in designing topology for application hosting on premise and cloud environmentQualifications6+ years in software developmentB.S. degree in Information Technology or other technical disciplineKnowledge and hands-on experience with Apigee Edge PlatformGood understanding of J2EE technologiesGood Understanding of HTTP specification, REST, JSON and XMLUnderstanding of JavaScriptUnderstanding of TLS, certificates, keystore and truststoreGood understanding of oAuthUnderstanding of API testingInnovative, independent, self-motivated, and able to work under tight deadlinesStrong problem solving, troubleshooting, planning, and organizational skillsProven sense of high accountability and self-drive to take on and see through challengesFamiliarity with Scrum or similar agile practicesGood Communication skills to expand on listening skillsAbility to distill complex requirementsCertification with Java /JEE /Apigee
 At GoDaddy, we strive to make our customers successful by creating innovative solutions and managing those solutions to provide exceptional customer service. Our platforms utilize open source software, perform at a large scale, and push the limits of technology. Some examples include: petabytes of internet addressable storage, multi-thousands of content serving servers, multi-level caching tiers, configuration management, continuous deployment, and everything between.  GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and over 71 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. To learn more about the company visitwww.GoDaddy.com.  We're looking for a passionate software engineer who has a keen understanding of high performance, scalable architectures and technologies. You will have an active role in developing new features for our latest hosting products using a variety of technologies. Your contribution will have a direct and visible contribution to GoDaddy’s growth in domestic and international markets.  You will be working on a collaborative agile team who embraces TDD, CI/CD, rapid, iterative development, and Open Source technologies. The right individual will be self-driven and someone who cares about maintainability of the code, automation, deployment processes and how to enable innovation. They will go beyond just development and help to shape the engineering culture and best practices here at GoDaddy. Responsibilities:Coding, unit testing, and integration testingDebug complex issues found in production between multiple systems or servicesDesign fault tolerant, redundant systems that are highly availableLeverage modern best practices such as Test Driven Development and Continuous Integration to deliver early and oftenParticipate in and help lead various agile ceremony meetings (Sprint Planning, Stand-up, Pair-Programming, Code Reviews, Retrospective, etc.)Coach other members of the team on technology and best practicesRequirements:BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Math, or equivalent experienceExpertise in multiple modern programming languages across multiple platforms and systems (Java, Python, PHP, C#, Ruby, etc.)Comfortable with full development stack (e.g. UX, Web, API, Business Logic, database).Expert knowledge in Scrum and/or other agile development methodologiesExperience in a mixed operating system environment (Windows, Linux)Lifelong learner, always willing to accept new opportunities and always curious to gain new skills#LI-LM1About GoDaddy GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and over 72 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. To learn more about the company visit www.GoDaddy.com.  GoDaddy is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, medical condition, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. GoDaddy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements.  If you need assistance completing an application for a position with us, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at Recruiting@godaddy.com
 Software Engineer Location  Colonie, NY Job Code  MidSD-11-17 # of openings 1Apply NowWHO we are and WHY you want to work at Auto/Mate Dealership Systems! We are a leading provider of dealership management system software to over 1,350 retail automotive dealerships nationwide. Auto/Mate has received DrivingSales Dealer Satisfaction Awards 5 years running (2012-2016) and has been recognized by the Albany Business Review as one of the “Best Places to Work” Eight Years Running! Not to mention, Ok, we will mention winning the Times Union Top Workplaces Award consistently from 2012-2017 and finishing 1’st among 20 companies with 125-499 employees. As for customer support, Auto/Mate was ranked #1 in 12 out of 16 categories, including overall customer satisfaction, products and services, flexibility of software and prompt follow-up in the 2009 NADA Dealership Satisfaction Survey of Dealer System Providers, Product and Services. So if that is not enough to wet your whistle, how about this: casual dress code, company gym, getting a random email at work letting you know that there is an ice cream truck outside, watching the CEO flip burgers at one of our frequent BBQ’s, Holiday parties, Tailgate parties, and our infamous Hawaiian Day! When you work hard, we reward you for it and when you join Auto/Mate you join a family. The Role: Mid-level Software Engineer You will be working with a team of developers to determine technology solutions, define application architecture and implement business logic. You will collaborate with product owners to implement software that meets the needs of the user and the business while maintaining code integrity. Job Responsibilities:Apply the fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures related to object-oriented software design and development.Collaborate with cross-functional teams to solve complex problems.Research and evaluate new technologies to update our current technology stack.Provide technical guidance to junior team members.Balance multiple tasks and projects at one time.Qualifications:A minimum THREE years of professional software development experienceBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field preferredProficient in Object Oriented Programming (preferably in Java)Ability to work collaboratively as part of a team of software engineersProfessional experience with database use and designUnderstanding of REST and SOAP web servicesFamiliarity with application serversAuto/Mate’s Tech Stack:Java 1.8HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular.jsPostgreSQL 9SpringApache Tomcat 7Eclipse or IntelliJ IDEGradleAmazon Web Services (AWS)What We Offer:Competitive SalaryMedical/Dental/Vision Insurance (Traditional and High Deductible options available)Paid Time Off (Vacation, Sick, Holidays and Volunteering)401K, with company matchLife InsuranceVoluntary Supplemental Insurance (Disability, Accident, Cancer, Specified Disease)Tuition ReimbursementEmployee Training and Development OpportunitiesCorporate Wellness ProgramTeam/family environment with perks including Bagel and company sponsored day trips!Casual attire with a fun and professional work environmentAuto/Mate Dealership Systems is an Equal Opportunity Employer and as such, does not discriminate in its hiring or employment practices
 Software Engineer Location  Colonie, NY Job Code  MidSD-11-17 # of openings 1Apply NowWHO we are and WHY you want to work at Auto/Mate Dealership Systems! We are a leading provider of dealership management system software to over 1,350 retail automotive dealerships nationwide. Auto/Mate has received DrivingSales Dealer Satisfaction Awards 5 years running (2012-2016) and has been recognized by the Albany Business Review as one of the “Best Places to Work” Eight Years Running! Not to mention, Ok, we will mention winning the Times Union Top Workplaces Award consistently from 2012-2017 and finishing 1’st among 20 companies with 125-499 employees. As for customer support, Auto/Mate was ranked #1 in 12 out of 16 categories, including overall customer satisfaction, products and services, flexibility of software and prompt follow-up in the 2009 NADA Dealership Satisfaction Survey of Dealer System Providers, Product and Services. So if that is not enough to wet your whistle, how about this: casual dress code, company gym, getting a random email at work letting you know that there is an ice cream truck outside, watching the CEO flip burgers at one of our frequent BBQ’s, Holiday parties, Tailgate parties, and our infamous Hawaiian Day! When you work hard, we reward you for it and when you join Auto/Mate you join a family. The Role: Mid-level Software Engineer You will be working with a team of developers to determine technology solutions, define application architecture and implement business logic. You will collaborate with product owners to implement software that meets the needs of the user and the business while maintaining code integrity. Job Responsibilities:Apply the fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures related to object-oriented software design and development.Collaborate with cross-functional teams to solve complex problems.Research and evaluate new technologies to update our current technology stack.Provide technical guidance to junior team members.Balance multiple tasks and projects at one time.Qualifications:A minimum THREE years of professional software development experienceBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field preferredProficient in Object Oriented Programming (preferably in Java)Ability to work collaboratively as part of a team of software engineersProfessional experience with database use and designUnderstanding of REST and SOAP web servicesFamiliarity with application serversAuto/Mate’s Tech Stack:Java 1.8HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular.jsPostgreSQL 9SpringApache Tomcat 7Eclipse or IntelliJ IDEGradleAmazon Web Services (AWS)What We Offer:Competitive SalaryMedical/Dental/Vision Insurance (Traditional and High Deductible options available)Paid Time Off (Vacation, Sick, Holidays and Volunteering)401K, with company matchLife InsuranceVoluntary Supplemental Insurance (Disability, Accident, Cancer, Specified Disease)Tuition ReimbursementEmployee Training and Development OpportunitiesCorporate Wellness ProgramTeam/family environment with perks including Bagel and company sponsored day trips!Casual attire with a fun and professional work environmentAuto/Mate Dealership Systems is an Equal Opportunity Employer and as such, does not discriminate in its hiring or employment practices
 Developers at ProSys are motivated individuals with great desire and commitment to provide innovative, adaptive technologies to our worldwide customers in the petrochemical and refining industries. They are recognized as the top team in the design and development of advanced modern control system technologies that successfully placed ProSys as a top competitor in this arena.  Required Background Minimum Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or relatedMust have at least three years of solid development experience using .NET technologies, in particular using C# on Windows platform.Knowledge of C/C++Experience with OPC is a plusExceptional coder with strong written and verbal communication skills to interface with multiple teams and managementExperienced with the entire software development life cycleExperienced in object-oriented analysis and design; highly experienced with interface design and development; demonstrated advanced understanding of relational databases (SQL server).Ability to troubleshoot and perform root-cause analysisAuthorized to work in the United States or Germany Duties and Responsibilities Analyze business requirements, design, develop, test and implement a custom-configurable, near real-time enterprise solution for control and monitoring of processes (as used in petrochemical plants and manufacturing facilities)Perform coding of advanced human machine interface (HMI) technologies and proprietary expert systems applicationsPart of a development team for a core software, must actively research and recommend technical and business alternatives to ensure timely and effective developments of software functionalitiesProvide ongoing support for existing software
 At HouseCanary, were using data and analytics to predict the future of US residential real estate. Our goal is to help people make better decisions by offering innovative and unparalleled insights. HouseCanarys platform accurately forecasts values 36 months into the future for three million residential blocks and more than 100 million properties.  We're seeking a passionate Senior Software Engineer to help use large datasets and beautiful visualizations to architect a scalable revolutionary real estate platform. What you'll do:Improve code base performance and request latencyPlay a key role in developing architecture of HouseCanary platformEnhance and optimize our products and APIsWork with data engineers to incorporate new data sourcesWhat you have:5+ years software engineering experienceExpert level Python abilityAdvanced level SQL knowledgeExperience developing scalable APIsCollaborative and proactive personalityAbility to work through ambiguity and deal with shifting prioritiesBonus points for knowledge of:Real estate marketsPandas, NumPy, scikit-learnPostGISDjango HouseCanary is the authoritative source for accurate, uniform information, analyzed and visualized real-time to make better, faster decisions.  HouseCanary - see into the future of real estate.
 Cisco is the worldwide leader in networking that transforms how people connect, communicate, and collaborate. Since 1984, Cisco has led in the innovation of IP-based networking technologies such as routing, switching, security, unified communications, video, and wireless. Our responsible business practices help ensure business sustainability and environmentally conscious operations and products.  Cisco is a $40 Billion dollar global leader in supplying leading edge, best-in-class networking products driving today's Internet. The company is ranked as one of the world's best employers and spends over $5 Billion dollars a year invested in R&D. Cisco is a great place to grow your career.  Who You'll Work With  Central Software Group (CSG) seeks an experienced Engineer to deliver software solutions for our Service-Provider/ DataCenter/Enterprise products. This is an excellent opportunity to participate in development of flexible software in CSG for the next generation networking product’s. What You'll Do ● Be a part of the overall BGP Routing Team (the best in the industry) in Central Software Group of Cisco, contributing to Design, Development, Coding and Test of routing software modules, that enable critical solutions for the Service provider, and provide them a competitive edge.  ● Develop automated tests in Python/C for developed software features to ensure high-quality handoff to the Test team.  ● Conduct and participate in peer code/design reviews.  ● Deliver detailed functional and design specifications of the software.  ● Work closely with the adjacent software teams in defining the programming interfaces into the various other software modules. Who You Are Minimum Qualifications & Desired Skills  ● BS degree in CS/EE/CE or technical equivalent.  ● Knowledge of Routing Technologies, BGP, OSPF, ISIS, MPLS protocols is a definite plus.  ● Unicast/Multicast Forwarding experience would help too.  ● Proficient in "C" and multithread programming, scripting languages (Tcl, Python, Perl) is a plus.  ● Understands advanced architecture principles and design practices  ● Creative problem solving skills and excellent troubleshooting/debugging skills  ● Good understanding of concepts in operating system, Inter process communication, high availability etc.  ● Experience in manageability frameworks such as Yang/snmp/xml is a plus  ● Strong written and verbal communication  ● Excellent teamwork and people skills  ● Ability to manage multiple tasks and work towards long-term goals  ● Flexibility and openness to change  ● Self motivated and highly ambitious  ● Familiarity with Unix/Linux. Experience using RTOS (ex: QNX, VxWorks)  ● Understanding of networking fundamentals and protocols (ex: TCP/IP, Multicast) Minimum QualificationsAbility to solve complex problems involving multiple products.Ability to effectively present technological concepts to a wide audience.Ability to influence the development of industry wide standards.Exercises good judgement determining how to best achieve technical objectives of assignment.Creative problem solving skills and excellent troubleshooting/debugging skillsExcellent teamwork and people skillsProgramming experience (C, C++ ), script languages (Perl, Python)Familiarity with Unix/LinuxExperience working on embedded systemsExperience using RTOS (ex: QNX, VxWorks)Understanding of networking fundamentals and protocols (ex: TCP/IP, OSPF, BGP, MPLS)Educational Background MSCS/BSCS with 7+ years of experience in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or related major About Cisco The Internet of Everything is a phenomenon driving new opportunities for Cisco and it's transforming our customers' businesses worldwide. We are pioneers and have been since the early days of connectivity. Today, we are building teams that are expanding our technology solutions in the mobile, cloud, security, IT, and big data spaces, including software and consulting services. As Cisco delivers the network that powers the Internet, we are connecting the unconnected. Imagine creating unprecedented disruption. Your revolutionary ideas will impact everything from retail, healthcare, and entertainment, to public and private sectors, and far beyond. Collaborate with like-minded innovators in a fun and flexible culture that has earned Cisco global recognition as a Great Place To Work. With roughly 10 billion connected things in the world now and over 50 billion estimated in the future, your career has exponential possibilities at Cisco
 Category : IT/Software  Location/City : GA - Roswell  Job Type : Permanent  Software Engineer to $115k + Excellent Bonus Potential  Our client, a leader in the data analytics consulting space, is currently adding a Developer to their development team. If you enjoy working with state of the art technologies in an organization dedicated to the lives of citizens of our city, this could be a great role for you! Our client is looking for a Developer to effectively work as part of a team to deliver exceptional software to our clients. Programming skills and understanding of technology principles are more important than any particular language or technology stack. This position comes with a high level of autonomy and responsibility. The successful candidate must be able to develop software from design to deployment with minimal oversight. This position will be full stack: Java and SQL on the backend and JavaScript on the front end. ENG123
. Do you dare to reinvent the future of education?  At Cengage, we are harnessing the power of tech to build a future where all learners have the tools and confidence to achieve their goals.As a Cengage employee you will pioneer transforming the way people learn. Collaborating with the best of the best, you will feel challenged and inspired to do breakthrough work. With the support of our united team, there is no limit to what you can imagine, create and set in motion.  Are we right for you?  We are A-players who bring our unique talent and POV to the table every day. We are curious and comfortable with change and are willing to take risks to transform education. Most importantly, everything we do, we do for the learner. Cengage is the education and technology company built for learners. The company serves the higher education, K-12, professional, library and workforce training markets worldwide. Cengage creates learning experiences that build confidence and momentum toward the future students want. The company is headquartered in Boston, MA with an office hub in San Francisco. Employees reside in nearly 40 countries with sales in more than 125 countries around the world. Visit us at www.cengage.com or find us on Facebook or Twitter. Gale, a Cengage Company has partnered with libraries around the world to empower the discovery of knowledge and insights by all people, for all purposes. Our Technology team is constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to make learning more open and accessible. We offer competitive benefits, balanced working hours, and a culture of continuous learning. What You'll Do Here:Who are we? Gale, a Cengage Company, believes that knowledge is power, and the act of learning is empowering. Access to knowledge offers learners an opportunity to discover the motivation and inspiration vital to making a positive contribution in not only their own lives, but the rest of the world. That’s why Gale provides libraries with original and curated content, as well as the modern research tools that are crucial in connecting libraries to learning, and learners to libraries. What will you do?Deliver awesome code, working closely with other Agile team members.Developing server-side application logic.Be a part of a strong team that values collaboration.Continuously learn, and is unafraid to learn new practices, processes, technologies, and languages.Stay abreast of trends, latest industry developments and knowledge sharing among colleagues.Provide development and support for backend systems.Skills You Will Need Here:What do we need from you?Familiar with testing Java using frameworks like JUnit.Familiarity with creating RESTful APIs and writing clients for web services using Spring/Jersey.Familiar with RPC systems.Good knowledge in data structures and algorithms.Familiar with XML, XSLT.Familiar with version control (Git) and build tools (Maven, Gradle).Basic understanding of database (Sybase, Oracle, MySQL).Extra credit for:2-3 years of experience with Java, JavaScript.Familiar with information retrieval systemsFamiliar with text search engines like Lucene, SOLRFamiliar with large scale distributed systems#LI-MR1#LI-AT1
DescriptionAs part of the Engineering Enablement group, this individual is responsible for leading a team of individuals chartered to deliver best-in-class tooling and platforms to enable hundreds of teams across the organization to be successful and productive. This individual will act in a servant leader role and be an agent of innovation while inspiring those around them. This individual also plays a role in consultation, coaching, and engineering practice leadership for internal customers and stakeholders. Lead and grow a team of engineering professionals chartered to provide excellence in engineering tools and practices.Work in agile development environment with a team of highly motivated employeesRecruit and hire exceptional talent and facilitate onboarding of new team members.Work to establish engineering strategies with a focus on qualityCoach and mentor team members on career growthFacilitate continuous learning and improvement for the team and its members.Evaluate team members performance including performance revieAdvocate the products and services offered by the Enablement organization to stakeholder teamsFoster agile practices and thought processes in the team and larger organization.Participate in feature reviews with product owners, designers, and software engineersActively work alongside Product and Program Management partners to manage and prioritize engineering initiatives, infrastructure changes, maintenance, and new feature requestsCommunicate and advocate for Enablement team roadmaps and plans with stakeholders and collaboratorsCreate an environment of collective ownership and operation for the services, tools, and platform built and operated by the team.Enables visibility and transparency of related costs for teams to run solutions on the public cloud.QualificationsRequired Experience:Minimum 5 years of experience in software engineeringMinimum 2 years of experience leading software engineering teamsExperience in Scrum and Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) development preferredExperience with Amazon Web Services (AWS)Strong logical and problem-solving skillsSuperior and proven attention to detailExcellent verbal and written communication skillsMust have excellent teamwork and independent decision-making skills Working at the intersection of people and technology, you will play a huge role in mentorship and career development while also making strong technical decisions. We are looking for someone to continue evolving the architecture of our platform and applicationsupdating and expanding our already diverse and innovative technology stack--while also guiding a team of engineers and their roadmaps. As an Engineering Manager youll play a key part in delivering innovative products and features that help other engineering teams throughout the company be successful. The Day to DayYou are a software development manager who still likes to get your hands dirty and enjoys the career growth and additional challenges of managing and growing a world class development team leveraging AWS.You will provide hands-on leadership for a development team, building and enhancing our applications in our service-oriented, highly scalable environmentYou will help ensure we keep the talent bar high and grow the skills and capabilities of your team as our engineering organization growsYour Expertise and Passion5+ years experience development2+ years experience managing engineering teamsBachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experienceExperience with Agile work processes and managing sprint cycles to ensure product ships on time and with qualityExperience with continuous integration/continuous delivery with an emphasis of shipping code rapidly to production and learning/iterating on the resultsDesire to work with other functional groups to solve tough business problems with quality software at scaleSolid understanding of service-oriented and event-driven system architectures to be able to reinforce patterns and best practicesA deep understanding of developing applications for massive scale and high-performanceExperience working with distributed teamsProven ability to foster a collaborative, high-performing team environment, inspiring teams to achieve important goals together and increased customer-paid service revenue. A position at Xtime offers an excellent opportunity to join a fast-growing, market-About Cox Automotive Cox Automotive is transforming the way the world buys, sells and owns cars with industry-leading digital marketing, retail, financial and wholesale solutions for consumers, dealers, manufacturers and the overall automotive ecosystem worldwide. The Cox Automotive family includes Autotrader®, Dealer.com®, Dealertrack®, Kelley Blue Book®, Manheim®, NextGear Capital®, vAuto®, VinSolutions®, Xtime®, incadea® and a host of other brands. With a complete and connected view of the automotive ecosystem, Cox Automotive is a global company connecting people, cars and capabilities with services that link the automotive value chain. Cox Automotive is a subsidiary of Cox Enterprises. For more information about Cox Automotive, visit www.coxautoinc.com.  Cox is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer - All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individuals age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.Organization: Cox Automotive Primary Location: US-TX-Dallas-13737 Noel Rd Employee Status: Regular Job Level: Manager/Senior Manager Shift: Day Job Travel: Yes, 25 % of the Time Schedule: Full-time Unposting Date: Ongoing
 Software Engineer Full Stack, Bend, OR, or Berkeley, CA, US  What you will do Design and develop production-grade 3D software using C++, Javascript, and PythonSolve complex problems with sophisticated 3D graphics software, including resource contention, thread management, and performance optimizationFind and fix bugs and regressions in software librariesStay abreast of technology and market changes that may affect or enhance our productsEffectively manage multiple deadlines, priorities and interruptions, and adapt to changing business, customer and company needs What we're looking for  You are smart, resourceful, excited about learning new technologies, and enjoy solving challenging problems. You understand that providing great component technology is a team responsibility, requiring not only outstanding individual contributions but also the ability to help others meet a common goal.  We're open to a range of experience; outstanding entry-level and experienced candidates are invited to apply. Specific skills include: BS in an applicable field, preferably Computer Science or MathematicsVery strong understanding of computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, design patterns, etc.Excellent skill writing and debugging Javascript and C++ codeVery strong analysis and problem-solving skillsExcellent verbal and written communication skillsAbility to work independently as well as in a team environmentFast learner with attention to both the overall concept and the details It would be significant plus for you to have An advanced degree in an applicable fieldFamiliarity with 3D computer graphics concepts, including data structures, algorithms and APIsExperience with software development and debugging on a wide variety of platforms, especially Windows, Linux, and AWS What we offer Continuous learning and challengeAwesome leadersA relaxed environmentFood, fun and flexibilityGreat benefits, including fully paid medical, 401(k)+ matching, plenty of PTO, sabbaticals, profit sharing, etc. Principals ONLY. No recruiters please.  Tech Soft 3D is an equal opportunity employer.0 Job Posted by ApplicantPro
Job Summary Plume crafts new-to-planet IoT experiences built on top of the worlds best performing home WiFi system. Plumes web-based are critical parts of that customer journey. Our customer-facing website and web store are at the forefront of educating customers and starting their journey as Plume owners. There are also internal tools such as our Network Operations Center to assist our engineering teams and partners. There are a number of other systems including support sites, email campaigns, and mobile-app web components that Plume develops and maintains.  Were looking for a well-rounded web application generalist. Someone who thrives in the front end JS and CSS world, but also has a drive to understand how our entire system operates, to better help define, integrate, or even write APIs, and help drive other system integrations. This is a small and integrated team, so you can expect to cover a lot of ground and make a large impact on the way the world sees Plume. ResponsibilitiesImplement user-facing features and content on the plumewifi.com website, Plume store.Assist in UI design and implementation of a variety of features and functionality for the Plume NOC (Network Operations Center), which is the command center and diagnostic tool for the entire Plume network.Build out new products and UI to support our existing customers as well as channel and industry partners.Help migrate systems to the latest web application frameworks and evaluate new technologies.Unit-test code for robustness, usability, and general reliability.Help develop & maintain design patterns for clean & usable codebases.Work as an intermediary between the product/design team and the cloud team to maintain tight system integration, catch/fix early bugs, and help steer how our back-end integrates with various user-facing web and mobile products.QualificationsBA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent experience.5+ years experience developing commercial websites and API integrations.Experience with the Angular (both AngularJS and modern Angular).A firm understanding of responsive design techniques and design patterns.Experience with CSS layout/animation techniques, and tools like SASS/Stylus/etc.Experience with end-to-end testing and unit testing of Javascript components.Experience with writing, testing, running, and deploying NodeJS/Express apps and APIs a BIG plus.D3 and/or related data vizualization a plus.Experience with ES6 components, React, responsive HTML emails, or the StrongLoop API framework are all a plus.
Who we are: DAKCS Software Systems is an industry leader in simplifying the process of accounts receivable management and collection software by creating integrated, innovative cloud and on-premise software solutions. We specialize in accounts receivable management software, debt collection software, predictive dialing software, cloud based predictive dialing, onsite consulting, authenticated e-signature solutions, payment portal solutions, and credit and risk scoring. Position: We are looking for experienced Software Developers who will help design, develop, and install software solutions across multiple platforms utilizing multiple technologies. What you will be doing: You will be responsible for developing new software and maintaining current software code, performing testing / debugging of current and updated software and assisting with code reviews. Required Qualifications:Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other technical field.Must have 2-5 years of experience writing, designing and modifying software code.Ability to code in various programming languages including: C#, C++, Javascript.Must be familiar with Windows Operating System, Visual Studio, Windows Development Environment, and Microsoft .Net Frameworks.Must have 2-5 years of experience with Linux Operating System and Linux OS commands.Must be a team player that is self-motivated, persistent, and proactive in driving results but can be creative and flexible in overcoming obstacles.Organized and methodical about managing multiple tasks simultaneously without letting important details get overlooked or getting overwhelmed.Must possess strong verbal communication skills and excellent written documentation skills.Highly Desirable Skills:Experience with ASP.NET/WCF.Experience with relational database design, administration, and functionality.Experience with Agile Software development environments.Familiarity or experience with code repositories and version control software (Git).Familiarity or experience with Issue & Project tracking software (Jira).Familiar with and understand collection and common collection practices.What you will love about us:Competitive salaryVery stable & challenging workJoining a company who highly values their employeesCasual environmentMedical, dental, life, disability, generous paid time off, holiday payBi-monthly massagesCompany celebrationsRecreational allowance - Yes we pay you to have fun!Much moreGet ready for a dynamic new career as a Software Developer!Our Culture: Located in The Junction, downtown Ogden, Utah we are committed to creating an environment that enhances the lives of those that work here and those whom we serve, accomplished through challenges, opportunities and results. We have an open working environment made up of top down transparency. We hope to inspire honest interactions and trust by saying what we mean, aligning our actions to our words and taking responsibility for our actions. Our products are crafted with innovation, heart and pride and we are committed to creating positive change in order to improve our company, our products, and our environment. Find out more about us: www.dakcs.com; https://www.linkedin.com Qualified applicants receive equal consideration. No question is asked for the purpose of excluding any applicant due to race, color, national origin, religion, age, sex, disability, or any other factor prohibited by law or regulation. DAKCS IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER (M/F/D/V).  DAKCS participates in E-Verify. Through participation in the E-Verify program, DAKCS electronically verifies the employment eligibility and Social Security Number of all new hires.
Tablet (TabletHotels.com) was founded in the year 2000 by Laurent Vernhes and Michael Davis, a pair of new-media veterans in search of a cure for boring travel and an antidote to the internet’s most common affliction: an overdose of options. Our users trust our taste — we do the hard work of selecting only the most extraordinary hotels, and we make booking them as painless as it can be.Responsibilities:Our Backend team is focused on supporting and expanding the functionality of a customer-facing website while navigating a seasoned codebase. You’ll report to our Lead Backend Engineer and sit in a growing team of backend developers. We’re a flat team offering ownership, autonomy, and personal collaboration (development, project management, head of technology, marketing) throughout the organization.We're rolling out a new integration with third-party providers which will greatly expand our network, eliminating technical debt, migrating to cloud, and overhauling frontend (we’re using React.js). Also, we’re developing predictive modeling — a technology yet to be applied to travel — building an entirely new and unique mobile experience, and integrating technology tied to marketing expansion.Required Skills:Expertise in PythonExperience creating sensible database schemas with SQLUnderstanding of modern web services and SOAKnowledge of testing and continuous integrationFamiliarity with command-line Unix (we’re running FreeBSD)Nice to Have:Experience working with cloud technologiesExperience with Elasticsearch and RedisExperience with docker and devopsExperience designing RESTful API servicesExperience working with front-end technologies like React.js and HTML
Job Overview As one of our Software Engineers for the advanced packing equipment team, your primary task will be to develop software for the soft real-time coordination of motion control, pick-and-place processes, image acquisition and processing, object recognition and processing. You will be a member of a team that will be developing highly complex software systems for semiconductor assembly equipment.  In this self-steering team, you’ll work on realization of the software through a scrum based, agile way of working. You will work on the full development cycle of new features, product enhancement, troubleshooting and debugging both in simulation as well as on the machines. Main ResponsibilitiesWork closely with multi-site software teams to coordinate with your counterparts from around the globe to deliver software features that support advanced packaging equipment.Reviewing and co-specifying requirementsDesigning and coding the softwareImplementation and testingSupport advanced packaging equipment demo, qualification and buyoff in-house or at international customer sites Desired Skills and ExperienceExperience in software design and implementationProficient in C++ and Object Oriented Analysis & Object Oriented Design MethodologiesKnowledge of Standard Template Library (STL), BOOST or equivalent is highly preferredAble to quickly learn and understand existing or newly created features and functionality for advanced packaging equipment. Able to troubleshoot and problem solve software and hardware issues by using software tools.Multi-threaded ProgrammingStrong ability to understand and learn existing C++ software project, able to work independently to develop new control software features for advanced packaging equipmentPrior experience in the architecture, design and development of real-time control software for semiconductor equipment with software preferred Required Education Bachelor in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or related fields.
About Us For more than a decade weve been adapting, innovating and collaborating to shape new learning possibilities for over 2 million kids and 75,000 teachers. Our mission is to inspire all students to think differently about math--and love it. We have a creative office environment and a laid-back company culture that acknowledges hard work while encouraging professional growth and innovation. Our award-winning online math software is a pioneer in the EdTech space, and we continue to be at the forefront of the industry. Our adaptive technology, curriculum, and game-like environment work together to provide a unique learning experience thats like no other. Learn more. We are 100% on the Amazon AWS cloud. We work with modern technologies such as Docker, Terraform, Consul, and Nomad to build the next generation of our infrastructure.About The Role You will be reporting to the VP of Engineering, and manage a small group of senior software engineers. We are looking for someone with excellent technical and people skills who will spend 80% of the time on highly technical work, and 20% in people management, leadership and change management. As a Lead Software Engineer, you have the opportunity to help to build DreamBox's platform. Our platform team develops and automates solutions that provide service discovery, load balancing, monitoring, logging, scheduling, etc. The goal is to support our site reliability and continuous delivery objectives.ResponsibilitiesManage a small group of talented senior software engineers.Lead and collaborate with a team of engineers with diverse skill sets to drive solutions.Architect and implement new components of our service platform.Automate manual processes to enable other engineering teams to self-service their application delivery needs.Research and work with cutting-edge technologies that are defining the future of the cloud.Work with modern technologies such as Docker, HashiCorp products (Terraform, Consul, and Nomad), Cloud Formation, Kubernetes, etc.Collaborate with other engineers in the organization to foster solid engineering principles and drive improvement.Help us shape a DevOps culture and foster its adoption.About YouEnjoy working in a team of senior engineers.Strive to do work you're proud of.Passionate about cloud system's availability, resiliency, and scalability.Can communicate effectively to technical and non-technical people.7+ years of applicable experience in technical roles, and 3+ years in people management roles.Experience with technologies such as the AWS stack, Docker, Terraform, Consul, Nomad, Jenkins, etc.Experience with large-scale production SOA systems and microservice architectures.Some coding experience.
Gliffy is the worlds most widely used online diagramming platform and is committed to helping people communicate their best ideas visually.We are seeking a Senior Platform Engineer to work on our microservice architecture common to multiple web applications. You will be joining a collaborative development team that participates in all aspects of scalable web development. From design prototype, to user testing and feedback, to implementation and polish, our engineers are involved to help ensure we build what is best for our customers.You will be developing significant portions of our web platform and will help guide its growth in the future. If you are looking for the excitement of a fresh startup environment with the stability and proven track record of a profitable company, we would love to speak with you!What youll be doingGive feedback on early designs to influence the experience of the applicationPrototype features that have been validated to ensure they are functionally soundWork with our QA team to increase our platforms automated test coverageMentor and learn from other engineers through pair programming, pull requests, and design reviewsEvolve the platform architecture to meet the growing needs of the customersRefine and document feature requirements with the product teamCollaborate with the other engineering teams to integrate the shared platform into multiple applicationsSupport early adopters and customers to ensure they are customers for lifeSpeak up proactively when there is something wrong, we can always improveBasic experience necessary for success in this role5+ years experience developing with Java and Javascript (NodeJS)2+ years building REST APIsExperience building scalable web applicationsExperience with microservice orchestrationExperience working within a Scrum/Agile environmentExcellent verbal and written communication skillsLives in SF Bay AreaBonus points for...Developing rich web clients with a Javascript MVC frameworkDeep knowledge of EmberJSExperience working with Real-time Collaboration, SAML, SCIM, or OpenIDExperience with DockerLeadership in a previous roleHigh level 30-60-90 Day PlanBy day 30 you will have: Ramped up with the team and technologies. Produced documentation, tests and feature code that are at the core of the Gliffy Platform.By day 60 you will have: Participated in getting getting customer feedback. Refined workflows between services and applications. Collaborated on performance tuning. Prepared services for launch.By day 90 you will have: Established expertise and ownership of a section of the platform. Analyzed operational metrics to help improve our cloud architecture.Benefits of working at GliffyDynamics and opportunity of a startup with the financial upsides of a business that has already achieved product market fitGreat/unique company culture based around flexibility to work remotely up to 2 days a week.Competitive salaryShared ownership of the company401K Contribution2 week Xmas BreakFull medical and dental coverage along with additional perksWorking on something that over 30,000 companies useGliffy's valuesGive support, get support: Build yourself up by building up others.Show some guts: Do the right thing, especially when it's scary.Find your balance: Do what it takes without letting it take it all out of you.Grit and bear it: Don't give up; success is not for the faint of heart.Be driven by your highest potential: Invite your best self to push past your boundaries.Heart our customers, our coworkers, & our fellow humans: We're not perfect but we have heart.Learn more about Gliffy here: www.gliffy.comOver two million people have signed up to use our SaaS application, along with notable customers like Oracle, Twitter, Pandora and Adobe. Gliffy is a cloud based diagramming software tool set used to create flow and organization charts, mind maps, Venn diagrams, database schemas, and any number of visual presentations. We're the rare startup that is actually funded by millions of customers who love us. We've bootstrapped our way to profitability. Gliffy is now focused on expanding and launching our product offerings into new directions, while maintaining the utmost satisfaction of our customers and employees. Were deeply dedicated to our users and consistently receive high ratings from them.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 We believe in the power of people. We are a network strategy and technology company that is motivated by making a difference in people’s lives – their productivity, their creativity, their health and comfort. That’s why our engineers design and implement technologies that allow people to do great things. The Opportunity / What we’re looking for: We believe in the power of people. We are a network strategy and technology company that is motivated by making a difference in people’s lives – their productivity, their creativity, their health and comfort. That’s why our engineers design and implement technologies that allow people to do great things.  We’re looking for highly motivated and talented engineers who are passionate about engineering velocity and automation. You will be responsible for developing Software Defined Networking (SDN), virtualization and modularization solutions to enable (Network Functions Virtualization) NFV using their wide range of platforms. The role / What you will do at Ciena: As a member of the team, the Software Engineer III will be responsible to prototype and develop the infrastructure needed to support NFV and SDN solutions. As a member of the team will be responsible for the following: to modularize the Packet Networking Service Aware Operating System (SAOS) to support new value added services; develop Netconf/YANG interfaces for the Packet Networking Platforms; participate in various phases of product development cycle – product definition, design, planning, implementation and test, and provide functional/design specifications; provide expertise and direction instrumental to the definition and design of new architectures and technologies needed to drive adoption of Ciena’s NFV, SDN and related software products; work in a cross functional environment to deliver complete solution required by the customer; do a prototype to validate architecture, design concepts and provide example implementation, evaluate various Open Source technologies and third party solutions and integrate them with the SAOS to enable new and innovative SDN solutions; and drive innovation in the area or Virtualization and SDN that can help create new revenue opportunities for Packet networking software/hardware products. Required Skills: Work experience with operating systems such as Linux and/or Unix; work experience with programming language C and python; and project experience in computer software or computer networking in the Telecommunications field. Work experience with virtualization platform is desired. Required Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or foreign equivalent. 9 years of experience in computer software or computer networking in the Telecommunications field.  Alternatively, employer will accept a Master’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or foreign equivalent. 7 years of experience in computer software or computer networking in the Telecommunications field. Minimum GPA of 3.4 required for Master’s degree.  Ciena values the diversity of our workforce and respects its employees as individuals, regardless of race, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, gender and age.

 Based in Roswell, GA, we are a Digital Marketing Platform that works with multi-location national brands. We are looking for a software developer capable of developing, maintaining and integrating applications and systems used to run our business. The person in this role must be able to bring repeatable, scalable development practices to bear. The successful candidate will collaborate well with others to ascertain requirements, communicate status and ensure outcomes are of high quality. The successful candidate should enjoy working in a fast paced environment and being involved in work that directly affects company profit and loss. Top Reasons to Work with Us:Competitive Salary, Excellent Benefits, and Energetic Work Environment!Great Opportunity for Career Growth!The coolest company in Roswell!What You Will Be Doing:Developing and maintaining software used by team members and clients in digital marketing operations.Collaborating across functional areas to ascertain requirements, propose design and implementation approaches and ensure complete work meets quality objectives.Bring and uphold consistent best practice development approaches to how development related work is completed.Training and educating colleagues as to how developed products and tools work.Required Skills and Experience:At least 2 years of experience with PHP, Javascript and MySQL, and associated development and operations frameworks.At least 1 year of experience with Codeigniter PHP Development Framework.At least 1 year of experience with basic management of Linux Servers, Cloud/VM infrastructure, and related networking systems; must be capable of remote configuration of applications, log retrieval and analysis, and basic tuning of server performance.Hands-on experience working with WordPress or other CMS platforms, including building widgets, modules and themes is a plus.Experience with new/current development frameworks such as Angular, Bootstrap, Ruby, Web Services protocols, and other web-application toolkits and environments is a big plus.Project requirements analysis, documentation & estimationAgile and Waterfall software developmentTest-Driven development, including writing test cases for QAPHP coding of web-based applicationsJavascript development of in-page routines within a WordPress or similar frameworkReading & writing application data from/to local & remote MySQL databasesConstruction, execution & analysis of complex MySQL queriesUse of web services, webhooks, JSON/XML and APIs to build interaction between external web applicationsDevelopment of email integration and other external messagingBasic administration of MySQL databases, including server setup, table construction, and basic performance tuningEducation Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or equivalent web technology major that MUST include formal coding experience and software development practices. What’s In It for You:Competitive Salary based on experienceHealth, Dental, Optical, Disability, and Life Insurance Coverage401kPlenty of PTO TimeLots of HolidaysRegular Team ActivitiesCompany Sponsored Snacks, Coffee, and Soda in the LoungeEmployee of the Month AwardEmployee of the Year AwardSubsidized Gym MembershipBirthday BenefitEmployee OutingsCasual Dress For your hard work you will be rewarded with a competitive salary, based on experience, great benefits, and an excellent opportunity for growth in a great company environment.  Must be physically located in Atlanta. Our office is in Roswell, GA.  This is a full time position with room for advancement.  Please include a link to your LinkedIn.com profile.  Compensation: Salary  No phone calls, please.  No recruiters, please.  Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.  Please submit your cover letter and resume.
Description:Position Description  About Order Processing  Order Processing is a grouping of teams within the Product Organization that are responsible for all of the applications required to create and manage orders for a customer’s car buying experience within the 180+ locations at CarMax®:. The Order Processing experience spans a majority of the customer journey; from customer inception to financing to CarMax’s loyalty programs. Each of the teams in Order Processing operate in an Agile environment and are empowered to Drive What’s Possible®: and bring fun and innovative ideas to life. These teams will help drive the bottom line sales of a growing Fortune 500 $15 billion dollar company.  About Lead Developer  The Salesforce Lead Software Developer is responsible for preserving and promoting standard development practices within the Salesforce platform. This position requires effective communication and the ability to efficiently facilitate technical discussions between developers and business partners. Associates in this position are the day-to-day primary point of contact for technical questions and excel in identifying opportunities for associate development.  Lead Software Developers are comfortable with their team’s craft and have a passion for knowledge and experience in all of the languages and technologies within the applications they oversee. Leads are involved in the entire cycle of software, from ideation, through conception, UX, code, test, delivery, and over to support. Associates in this role are passionate in mentoring and are the teachers. This position reports to a Team Manager or Manager.  Position Requirements  Responsibilities: Strong leader of the team through support issuesProven ability to lead support conference callsStrong mentor to others in the business processes implemented in the team’s applications in order to provide resolution to support problemsExpert at effectively estimating the time it will take for themselves and others to perform tasks and are able to influence the team’s work to be completed within those timeframesExpert at identifying tasks and impediments, appropriately and effectively escalates through the appropriate channelsStrong mentor to others in Salesforce best practices and design patternsComfortable with providing developmental feedback to others and managerExpert in identifying minimal viable technical products that meet business requirementsTechnical Expertise:Experience in reviewing and mentoring the successful work of others in evaluating the business objectives, developing user requirements and generating technical specificationsAbility to engage in a critical support situation and effectively, efficiently, and quickly drive to a successful resolutionProven experience leveraging existing software, development of reusable components, and elimination of redundancy in designsEnsures code of self and others is compliant with security standardsUnderstanding of end-to-end system design, from the top to the bottom of the stackComplete understanding of the system, including downstream systems, outage impacts, and limitationsLeadership:Proven ability to navigate the organization to influence decision makers and win trustProven ability to influence the technical direction of others in order to successfully meet the business objectives of medium & large projectsStrong driver of technical consensus within the teamProven ability to drive through obstacles and time constraints to successfully deliver a project to completionProven ability to deliver solutions through building consensus in both business and technical perspectivesFacilitates working and code review sessions leveraging multiple techniquesExperience Required:4 year degree in IT related course of study5+ years of Salesforce development experience2+ years of Leading Agile teams1+ years of LightningAdmin and Developer certificationsStrong oral/written communication, presentation, and organizational skillsStrong interpersonal and communication skills for driving strategic initiatives through large and diverse organizations. Excellent customer service skills.Ability to work within multiple work streams at one timePreferred Qualifications:Integration experience within the Salesforce space (REST, SOAP, ESB)CRM or POS experienceProduct team experience
If you are you passionate about software development and web applications, and want to be part of a great technology team building amazing software in a fun and challenging environment, we would like to speak with you.As a Software Developer you will work with our technology team to build and maintain our suite of sophisticated marketing products used by many of the worlds largest advertisers. We are looking for smart, hardworking individuals who have the DNA needed to build world class software. The right candidates will be creative thinkers who can design and deploy professional applications using the newest technologies to solve real business problems.Role and Responsibilities: Work with other experienced developersBuild new applications and productsDesign and implement new product featuresOptimize and refactor existing codeImprove efficiency, scalability, and stability of applicationsDesired Skill Set:Strong educational background: Bachelor/Master degree in CS or other technical/science/mathObject Oriented Design experience in C#, Java, or RubyStrong debugging and problem solving skillsDisciplined approach to development, testing, and quality assuranceOutstanding work ethic and driveGood communication and teamworkWillingness to learn and utilize emerging technologiesExperience with the following is preferred:Professional experience with high-scalability systemsDistributed Computing and/or Amazon Web Services (AWS)HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, AJAX and Web ServicesDatabase Design and Administration, SQL & T-SQL Query writingPerformance Analysis and Tuning on a high-availability, high-traffic web applicationExperience with C#, .NET, ASP.NET, WCF, SQLServer ,or Windows Services
 SummaryAs a Project Manager in iRobot’s Technology Organization, you will be responsible for guiding teams in the development of innovative new technologies.  This role will include supportive management and oversight of technical projects within the Technology Organization.  Additionally, the Project Manager will be responsible for communication and alignment with key organizations and stakeholders throughout the company to ensure successful project execution and delivery.  Working closely with Technology, Engineering, and Product Management leaders, you will build and leverage a strong understanding of business needs, state of technology maturity and development path, and product development roadmaps across all of iRobot’s product lines. This role will be critical to ensuring iRobot maintains its technology leadership in the consumer robotics industry.  The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of software development best practices, coupled with system thinking and excellent organizational skills. The Project Manager we are looking for will have a demonstrable past track record of success in leading development of products or innovative technologies through well thought-out and transparent delivery plans. This role requires strong organizational and communication skills. Experience working on complex systems, inclusive of electromechanical and software components, ideally robotics, is strongly preferred.Essential Functions/ Job Duties Work closely with Technology Organization Leads to create and track project plans, appropriate to the stage of development, to facilitate timely delivery of new technologies and capabilitiesWork with key company stakeholders, such as in Engineering and Product Management, to advocate for and properly represent technology development timelines, risks, and capabilitiesCoordinate resource planning and task allocations to ensure timely adoption of new technologies into product development programsPresent updates to senior management as appropriate; provide articulate and concise program updates for regular communication across companyQualificationsDegree in engineering field, with software focusExperience with product development processes, with a full understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) principles.Technical leadership or management experience4+ years software development project management experience.Demonstrated experience delivering innovative products or technologiesAbility to manage multiple teams across broad range of technical domainsWorking experience within an Agile environment as developer or project leadSCRUM certification preferredExperience in the robotics industry preferred About UsWe are the leading global consumer robot company, designing and building robots that empower people to do more, both inside and outside of the home. Founded by MIT roboticists who had the vision of making practical robots a reality. To date, we have sold over 20 million robots and globally employ more than 600 of the robot industry’s best and brightest. iRobot is committed to fostering invention, discovery and technological exploration in the pursuit of practical and valuable robot products for the home. iRobot stock trades on the NASDAQ stock market under the ticker symbol IRBT.  iRobot is headquartered in Bedford, Massachusetts, accessible by our corporate shuttle directly from Alewife Station. We also have offices in California, Europe, Japan, China & Hong Kong. Imagine the future you could help us build as a fellow iRoboteer! Check out #LifeAtiRobot and follow us on Instagram: @irobotcareers iRobot is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Tailwind Associates, an EOE, has a full-time direct-hire opportunity with our client in Schenectady, NY for a C#/.Net DeveloperJob Summary The Software Developer will have responsibility to code software applications to adhere to designs supporting internal business requirements or those of external customers. This individual will work closely with quality assurance to ensure that all quality assurance procedures are followed as an integral part of the software development life cycle. This individual will also work closely with Product Management to ensure that the software adheres to the functional requirements spec.  This individual will have an in-depth understanding of the software development life cycle. They will need to stay current in the latest application development methodologies and tools. Job DescriptionDevelop new features and support existing features in Visual Basic (preferred) or C# .NET, Silverlight, XAML, Objective-C and web services (RESTful and/or SOAP)Support of legacy code in Visual Basic 6 may be requiredCode, test, debug, implement, present and document highly complex programs.Designs systems and programs to meet highly complex business needs. Prepares detailed specifications from which programs are developed and coded. Creates appropriate documentation in work assignments such as program code, and technical documentation.Gathers information from existing systems, analyzes program and time requirements. Assists the Director of Development Operations and Development Product Owners in preparing time estimates and justification for assigned tasks.Supports personnel in resolving fairly complex program problems. Works with client and management to resolve issues and validate programming requirements within their areas of responsibility. Provides technical advice on complex programming. Qualifications and RequirementsBachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experienceThree or more years of programming or testing experienceExperience working with appropriate programming languages, operating systems and softwareIntermediate to advanced-level experience working with relational databases to facilitate programming software (SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle)Strong skills in programmingWorking knowledge of Object-Oriented Programming principlesStrong personal computer and business solutions software skillsStrong analytical and problem solving skills for design, creation and testing of programsGood interpersonal skills to interact with customers and team membersGood communication skills to work effectively with team members, support personnel, and clientsAbility to work as part of team and independentlyDevelopment experience with MapInfo or other GIS products is a plusExperience in the Requirements, Design, Coding, Unit/Integration Test lifecycle phases is preferredExperience coding in a team environment using a revision/source control system such as Subversion is desirable All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, sex or age.
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
 What’s better than the opportunity to build cutting edge new software tools? The opportunity to do so as an entry level team member in a job with 40 hour work week. At Spectrum, we pride ourselves not only on our great software but our fantastic work-hard-play hard mentality in which our Junior Software Developers can not only work in the fabulous city of Chicago, but actually explore and enjoy it too. So if you’re a creative programmer looking to work on products that matter to real life customers within exciting new spaces like that of artificial intelligence, please, read on. Responsibilities Beyond working with state of the art technology, you will have many different fantastic projects to work on as a Junior Software Developer at Spectrum. Here are just a few different responsibilities you can expect off the bat: Work closely with management, end-users and IT peers to develop new applications or enhancements to existing applications.Utilize the .NET Framework and best practice software design practices in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.Research, plan, design and develop new applications, maintaining existing code, working on new enhancements and features, writing, tuning and debugging SQL stored procedures for use with web applications.Collaborate with other developers and management, sharing ideas during team meetings, and learning from senior developers.Work with source code control systems.Participate in code reviews with other team members to ensure development guidelines and security standards are met.Code against cloud service APIs to optimize and automate the development workflow.Some Characteristics That Define You As a Junior Software Developer in Spectrum’s agile development environment, you will have an array of different roles both in and outside of your core team. As such, here are just a few traits that should define you: Forward Thinking. Peeking into the future is a day-to-day occurrence in the software department at Spectrum. It’s important that you’re always considering what’s coming next, and how we can get there.Candid. At Spectrum our goal is simple—growth. In order to grow our software, our team, and ourselves, it is essential that you are honest and open with your ideas and your opinions.Problem Solver/Puzzle Lover. As a developer, you love finding that needle in a haystack we call a bug, and being the first to solve tough problems.Analytical. In order to solve problems and build innovative new tools, it is essential that you know how to take an idea and analyze it from all of its angles.Detail-Oriented. When you work with long lines of code all day, it only makes sense that you’re extremely detail-oriented, ensuring that everything will run smoothly and efficiently.Business-Savvy. Beyond the wicked development skills you bring to the table, we also want you to consider the business implications of our software tools. From the ways our team will use them to how our customers will use them, we always want you to keep the user and the business application in mind.Required Skills and Experience On top of the many intangible skills you bring to the table, there are many skills that can help improve the efficiencies and success of your work at Spectrum. Here are a few of those required skills and experience that you will come in with as a Junior Software Developer on our team: A bachelor’s degree/pursuing a bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, information systems, or a related field.NET/C#Microsoft SQLHTML and CSSVisual StudioWritten and verbal expressionBuilding REST clientsJavaScript/JQueryA version control system (Git, SVN, etc.)CSS frameworks (Bootstrap, Foundation, etc.)MVC design pattern and object-oriented programmingRazor or similar markup languageBenefits As a Junior Software Developer at Spectrum there are a ton of fantastic perks and benefits that come along with your work. Here are just a few of the benefits you can expect when joining the Spectrum family: Comprehensive medical & dental insuranceRetirement planning & company matchingGenerous PTO, including sick days & holidaysA state-of-the-art office environmentNintendo Switch in-office gaming such as FIFA, Arms, Mario Kart, and Rocket LeagueYear-round gym membershipsPaid continuing educationCasual dress codeFlexible schedulingFree-Lunch-FridayCompany sponsored parties and group activities outside of the officeAbout Spectrum Our company mission can be summed up in one word—growth. At Spectrum, our top priorities revolve around growing business for our customers, growing our software, and growing our careers.  Since opening our doors in 1992, Spectrum has proudly served the small and medium-sized business owner, developing new and innovative ways to drive sales for their businesses. Today, we work with more than 1000 clients in virtually every major North American market serving as one of the nation’s top lead generation software and service providers in the home services arena. But Spectrum is so much more than just a service for lead generation and lead generation software.  Spectrum is a manifestation of our team’s ingenuity and unique skillset. The talent of our individual team members and energy as a unit has led us to create the program responsible for our overall success. This lead generation ecosystem, combining a multitude of software tools, full-service account management, and web-development processes has secured millions of leads for our clients and is a true testament to the capabilities and forward-thinking attitude of the Spectrum family.  With offices in downtown Chicago as well as the northwest suburbs, we continue to grow every day as a leader and innovator in driving client sales, and we want you to join us in doing so. Come on board and apply for our Junior Software Developer position today!
 OverviewDo you like working with transportation networks? Do you like writing APIs and UIs that make it easy for people to solve complex problems? Come join the network analyst team as we build the Python API and desktop UI for performing transportation network analysis in ArcGIS. Responsibilities:Implement (in C++) a Python API to allow external developers the ability to write Python code that performs analysis using ArcGIS Network AnalystDesign UI components to improve the usability of ArcGIS Network Analyst in ArcGIS DesktopInteract with other team members to develop robust software frameworks and solutionsRequirementsIn-depth knowledge of C++Excellent design, development, and debugging skillsDesire to deliver a great user experience by diagnosing and fixing usability and performance issuesExcellent written and verbal communication skillsBachelor’s or master’s in computer science or related field, depending on position levelRecommended Qualifications:Windows programming skills including .NET, MVVM, and Visual StudioExperience with PythonUnderstanding of GIS/Esri softwareKnowledge of network analysis algorithms The CompanyOur passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Company Overview Veritas' vision is to enable organizations to thrive in this new world of digital business.  Did you know that the International Data Corporation (IDC) predicts that data will double every 2 years, reaching 44 zeta bytes by 2020? That's more bytes than gallons of water in the ocean and an exponentially growing problem for businesses. Veritas helps organizations harness the power of their data & turn it into actionable insights.  We believe information is everything! Data is an organization's digital currency; a critical business asset that is growing in value. We are the only company that provides a data management platform to address the core challenge of accessing, managing, and analyzing all of their data, no matter where it is, in real time - allowing organizations to truly maximize the value of their data.  The Appliance Solutions (AS) organization is changing the backup and recovery game for customers—built on industry-leading backup software, our appliances address the technical complexities of modern data protection and optimized secondary storage for companies of all sizes. As the fastest-growing organizations within Veritas, Appliance Solutions is in the business of solving customer problems better than anyone else. Entrepreneurial in nature, get-it-done attitude, mindset to win, culture of open, transparent communication and collaboration are the core values that drive its success  Appliance Solutions Engineering is currently looking for motivated individuals who not only “do” but are also leaders who influence change and make a difference. The team is always looking for passionate, dedicated individuals who are self-motivated in their work and careers. ResponsibilitiesParticipating in Agile development activities including sprint planning, stand-ups, retrospectives and demos.Responsible for design, implementation, test, automating and maintenance of software modules to a high quality standardStrives daily to increase the code coverage numbers for test codeAble to work in various layers of the software stackParticipates in peer reviewsAbility to work on full stack development (Frontend and Backend)Ability to work in a fast paced and challenging environmentCommunicate and collaborate among cross-functional teams in a multinational environmentLead or participate in a scrum team to continuously improveQualifications4+ years’ experience with in-depth knowledge of the required programming languages Java or GoLangExcellent software engineering skills are a must, as you’ll be working with some of the best in the industryExperience with OOP and multi-threaded application development (using Enterprise Java and Spring Framework is a plus)Experience with Python, Perl or a scripting languageExperience of developing REST based web servicesExperience in user interface development using Angular JS and HTML5Experience working on AWS infrastructureExperience working with databases like MongoDB, MsSQLExperience developing highly secure, scalable, Internet facing solutionsExperience programming on Linux platformGood debug/problem-solving and organizational skillsA fast learner and self-starter with intellectual horsepowerExcellent communication skills, both oral and writtenExcellent working in a collaborative team environmentAbility to work without supervisionExperience with Agile development methodologies including unit testing, test-driven development, Continuous Integration, Continuous Testing, Pairing, Automated Testing is a plusKnowledge of Networking and Storage a plusKnowledge of cloud infrastructure design a plusExperience with continuous software delivery model is a plusDegree in Computer Science (Masters preferred) or equivalent experience required
 Openlink's dbc division seeks a Senior Software developer to join our .Net team. Our developers work with Product Management, Leads/Managers, Architects and team members to understand the project requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions. The successful candidate will work closely with business representatives and other developers to gather, analyse and fully understand business requirements and will become subject matter experts in one or more areas of our agribusiness solution. Key ResponsibilitiesDesigning, coding, testing, implementing, maintaining and supporting application software that is delivered with quality and on timeProvides technical leadership for development projects - ensures that the solutions provided are integrated, aligned with the corporate direction, and makes the most appropriate use of technologyInteract with QA, Product Management, Support and Specification& Test Management departments to quickly diagnose and resolve problemsPerforms code reviewsMentors and trains in areas of expertiseBachelors or equivalent requiredOpenlink is committed to identifying and removing any discriminatory policies and practices found in the recruitment and selection process. We strive to provide equal access to employment opportunities across our organization.If you have an accommodation need, please email globalhr@openlink.com as soon as possible to make the appropriate arrangements.Thanks for your interest in Openlink!
What’s in It for You? At Entertainment  Partners (EP), the leader in payroll services for the Entertainment industry,  you will be joining a newly minted team responsible for building a next-generation  services platform. This is a high-impact role at the nexus of EP’s strategic  vision and investment priorities. As a Sr. Software Engineer, you will have the  mandate to bridge a diverse set of technology stacks, data stores and  application offerings with a reusable, cloud-based suite of microservices. Your  work will be challenging, instrumental to the business and disruptive to the industry. Perks: Opportunity to work in a dynamic, emergent team at the center of  EP’s long-term software strategy Competitive compensation, benefits, stock plan  and wellness incentives :: Catered lunches, team building events, guest speakers, opportunities  to attend key industry events Position Summary: EP is seeking an experienced Sr. Software Engineer capable of  delivering performant, high throughput, secure solutions that drive strategic  goals and roadmaps. Responsibilities include analyzing, designing, building,  deploying and transitioning operational ownership of enterprise platforms and  services, while making sure there is strategic alignment with high-level architectural  and technology goals. This is a hands-on development position requiring exceptional  technical expertise and creativity, a strong sense of ownership, great  communication skills and a passion for delivering results in a fast-paced,  agile environment. Key Responsibilities:Design, document, develop, deploy and transition  operational support of frameworks and services.Work in an Agile environment to build high  performance, high throughput, scalable APIs and services within tight  deadlines.Generate automated unit/integration tests,  CI/CD artifacts and monitoring infrastructure as part of deliverables.Continuously look for opportunities for  improvement in practices, coding standards, SDLC and business solutions in  a variety of areas.Identify, document and drive standards in the API/services  area.Mentor and train other developers.Collaborate closely and regularly with Architecture,  Data Science, Quality Engineering, DevOps, Product Management, Program  Management and other business units.Education & Experience:Bachelor’s  degree in Computer Science or related field desired.Minimum 5  years of software development experience with at least 2 years developing  and deploying services and APIs.Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:Expert  knowledge of various technologies and frameworks for building and running  performant and scalable services/APIs.Expert  knowledge of Java or similar OO programing language.Proficiency  in Java best practices.Proficiency  in relational and NoSQL data stores, asynchronous messaging and caching  frameworks.Proficiency in the  microservices architectural style and related patterns, such as  Service Registry, Circuit-Breaker and Timeouts.Hands-on  knowledge of cloud platforms such as AWS and Azure.Hands-on  knowledge of IAM standards such as OAuth2, OpenID Connect, JWT and Spring  Security.Ability to  absorb, understand and communicate written and verbal information and  ideas, and to deliver in a concise manner that is easily understood by  others.Ability to  apply critical thinking to identifying the strengths and weaknesses of  alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.Desired: Experience with core  Java components and frameworks, such as Spring Boot, Hibernate, Jackson,  etc.Desired: Experience with Java build  and testing frameworks, such as Jenkins, Maven/Gradle, and JUnit.
 SEG will provide naval combat system requirements engineering and management expertise in support of missions, system-of-systems, advanced ship, combat system, and combat system integration. General responsibilities will include: Support requirements engineering activities to produce combat system definitions and designs.Contribute to the development of combat system-level requirements, interface definition, and integration options for surface ship combat systems.Conduct engineering analysis and trade studies to identify and recommend warfare systems which satisfy required capabilities for the surface fleet and to analyze technical requirements documentation.Developed documents shall provide proper traceability and decomposition of requirements from higher-level specifications and proper implementation of system-level requirements.Support verifying traceability of requirements, assessing the completeness and correctness of allocated requirements.Maintain requirements and specifications documentation in a requirements management tool.Utilize the Dynamic Object Oriented Requirements Systems (DOORS) requirements management tool, to create and manage modules, attributes, links, and data input, as well as format and export data.Utilize MS Office products to generate and format requirements documentation.Provide support to integrate the requirements and architecture models in the development of a cohesive combat system definition Required SkillsMINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:Security Clearance:Candidates for this position must have a SECRET level security clearance. Interim Secret clearances are acceptable.Education:Accreditation Board of Engineering and Technology (ABET) Accredited Bachelor of Science (BS) Degree from ABET recognized engineering curriculum OR BS Degree in physical science, engineering, or mathematics that includes 24 semester hours in physical science and/or related engineering science such as mechanics, dynamics, properties of materials, and electronics.Experience:Five (5) years of software engineering experience with three (3) years of specialized experience with emphasis in one or more of the following: Combat Systems Cyber SecurityShips Self Defense SystemLittoral Combat Ship (LCS) class frigateAegis Integrated Combat SystemsDDG-1000 Zumwalt class destroyerAegis Ballistic Missile DefenseElement Level (Weapon, Sensor, or Combat Management System) ExperienceAgile software developmentCompany Overview: Systems Engineering Group, Inc. (SEG) is a highly regarded and leading provider of missile systems engineering and analysis. Principal customers include the U.S. Navy, Missile Defense Agency, AEGIS Ballistic Missile Defense Program, and Program Executive Offices for Integrated Warfare Systems and Ships. SEG is headquartered in Columbia, MD and is convenient to routes 32, 29, and 95. SEG is a wholly owned subsidiary of Telephonics Corporation. SEG provides excellent benefits, work environment and outstanding growth opportunities. Benefits: SEG's benefit package include Major Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance. SEG has a generous 401k with company match. In additional to generous vacation leave SEG ofers sick leave benefits.  We are an Affirmative Action / Equal Employment Opportunity Employer (M/F/D/V). All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected characteristic. Reasonable accommodations may include but are not limited to that which may enable individuals with disabilities and special disabled veterans to perform the essential functions of this position.Required Experience  Job Location  Dahlgren, US-VA 
 Developers at ProSys are motivated individuals with great desire and commitment to provide innovative, adaptive technologies to our worldwide customers in the petrochemical and refining industries. They are recognized as the top team in the design and development of advanced modern control system technologies that successfully placed ProSys as a top competitor in this arena.  Required Background Minimum Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or relatedMust have at least three years of solid development experience using .NET technologies, in particular using C# on Windows platform.Knowledge of C/C++Experience with OPC is a plusExceptional coder with strong written and verbal communication skills to interface with multiple teams and managementExperienced with the entire software development life cycleExperienced in object-oriented analysis and design; highly experienced with interface design and development; demonstrated advanced understanding of relational databases (SQL server).Ability to troubleshoot and perform root-cause analysisAuthorized to work in the United States or Germany Duties and Responsibilities Analyze business requirements, design, develop, test and implement a custom-configurable, near real-time enterprise solution for control and monitoring of processes (as used in petrochemical plants and manufacturing facilities)Perform coding of advanced human machine interface (HMI) technologies and proprietary expert systems applicationsPart of a development team for a core software, must actively research and recommend technical and business alternatives to ensure timely and effective developments of software functionalitiesProvide ongoing support for existing software
 At HouseCanary, were using data and analytics to predict the future of US residential real estate. Our goal is to help people make better decisions by offering innovative and unparalleled insights. HouseCanarys platform accurately forecasts values 36 months into the future for three million residential blocks and more than 100 million properties.  We're seeking a passionate Senior Software Engineer to help use large datasets and beautiful visualizations to architect a scalable revolutionary real estate platform. What you'll do:Improve code base performance and request latencyPlay a key role in developing architecture of HouseCanary platformEnhance and optimize our products and APIsWork with data engineers to incorporate new data sourcesWhat you have:5+ years software engineering experienceExpert level Python abilityAdvanced level SQL knowledgeExperience developing scalable APIsCollaborative and proactive personalityAbility to work through ambiguity and deal with shifting prioritiesBonus points for knowledge of:Real estate marketsPandas, NumPy, scikit-learnPostGISDjango HouseCanary is the authoritative source for accurate, uniform information, analyzed and visualized real-time to make better, faster decisions.  HouseCanary - see into the future of real estate.
 Category : IT/Software  Location/City : GA - Roswell  Job Type : Permanent  Software Engineer to $115k + Excellent Bonus Potential  Our client, a leader in the data analytics consulting space, is currently adding a Developer to their development team. If you enjoy working with state of the art technologies in an organization dedicated to the lives of citizens of our city, this could be a great role for you! Our client is looking for a Developer to effectively work as part of a team to deliver exceptional software to our clients. Programming skills and understanding of technology principles are more important than any particular language or technology stack. This position comes with a high level of autonomy and responsibility. The successful candidate must be able to develop software from design to deployment with minimal oversight. This position will be full stack: Java and SQL on the backend and JavaScript on the front end. ENG123
DescriptionAs part of the Engineering Enablement group, this individual is responsible for leading a team of individuals chartered to deliver best-in-class tooling and platforms to enable hundreds of teams across the organization to be successful and productive. This individual will act in a servant leader role and be an agent of innovation while inspiring those around them. This individual also plays a role in consultation, coaching, and engineering practice leadership for internal customers and stakeholders. Lead and grow a team of engineering professionals chartered to provide excellence in engineering tools and practices.Work in agile development environment with a team of highly motivated employeesRecruit and hire exceptional talent and facilitate onboarding of new team members.Work to establish engineering strategies with a focus on qualityCoach and mentor team members on career growthFacilitate continuous learning and improvement for the team and its members.Evaluate team members performance including performance revieAdvocate the products and services offered by the Enablement organization to stakeholder teamsFoster agile practices and thought processes in the team and larger organization.Participate in feature reviews with product owners, designers, and software engineersActively work alongside Product and Program Management partners to manage and prioritize engineering initiatives, infrastructure changes, maintenance, and new feature requestsCommunicate and advocate for Enablement team roadmaps and plans with stakeholders and collaboratorsCreate an environment of collective ownership and operation for the services, tools, and platform built and operated by the team.Enables visibility and transparency of related costs for teams to run solutions on the public cloud.QualificationsRequired Experience:Minimum 5 years of experience in software engineeringMinimum 2 years of experience leading software engineering teamsExperience in Scrum and Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) development preferredExperience with Amazon Web Services (AWS)Strong logical and problem-solving skillsSuperior and proven attention to detailExcellent verbal and written communication skillsMust have excellent teamwork and independent decision-making skills Working at the intersection of people and technology, you will play a huge role in mentorship and career development while also making strong technical decisions. We are looking for someone to continue evolving the architecture of our platform and applicationsupdating and expanding our already diverse and innovative technology stack--while also guiding a team of engineers and their roadmaps. As an Engineering Manager youll play a key part in delivering innovative products and features that help other engineering teams throughout the company be successful. The Day to DayYou are a software development manager who still likes to get your hands dirty and enjoys the career growth and additional challenges of managing and growing a world class development team leveraging AWS.You will provide hands-on leadership for a development team, building and enhancing our applications in our service-oriented, highly scalable environmentYou will help ensure we keep the talent bar high and grow the skills and capabilities of your team as our engineering organization growsYour Expertise and Passion5+ years experience development2+ years experience managing engineering teamsBachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experienceExperience with Agile work processes and managing sprint cycles to ensure product ships on time and with qualityExperience with continuous integration/continuous delivery with an emphasis of shipping code rapidly to production and learning/iterating on the resultsDesire to work with other functional groups to solve tough business problems with quality software at scaleSolid understanding of service-oriented and event-driven system architectures to be able to reinforce patterns and best practicesA deep understanding of developing applications for massive scale and high-performanceExperience working with distributed teamsProven ability to foster a collaborative, high-performing team environment, inspiring teams to achieve important goals together and increased customer-paid service revenue. A position at Xtime offers an excellent opportunity to join a fast-growing, market-About Cox Automotive Cox Automotive is transforming the way the world buys, sells and owns cars with industry-leading digital marketing, retail, financial and wholesale solutions for consumers, dealers, manufacturers and the overall automotive ecosystem worldwide. The Cox Automotive family includes Autotrader®, Dealer.com®, Dealertrack®, Kelley Blue Book®, Manheim®, NextGear Capital®, vAuto®, VinSolutions®, Xtime®, incadea® and a host of other brands. With a complete and connected view of the automotive ecosystem, Cox Automotive is a global company connecting people, cars and capabilities with services that link the automotive value chain. Cox Automotive is a subsidiary of Cox Enterprises. For more information about Cox Automotive, visit www.coxautoinc.com.  Cox is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer - All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individuals age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.Organization: Cox Automotive Primary Location: US-TX-Dallas-13737 Noel Rd Employee Status: Regular Job Level: Manager/Senior Manager Shift: Day Job Travel: Yes, 25 % of the Time Schedule: Full-time Unposting Date: Ongoing
Job Summary Plume crafts new-to-planet IoT experiences built on top of the worlds best performing home WiFi system. Plumes web-based are critical parts of that customer journey. Our customer-facing website and web store are at the forefront of educating customers and starting their journey as Plume owners. There are also internal tools such as our Network Operations Center to assist our engineering teams and partners. There are a number of other systems including support sites, email campaigns, and mobile-app web components that Plume develops and maintains.  Were looking for a well-rounded web application generalist. Someone who thrives in the front end JS and CSS world, but also has a drive to understand how our entire system operates, to better help define, integrate, or even write APIs, and help drive other system integrations. This is a small and integrated team, so you can expect to cover a lot of ground and make a large impact on the way the world sees Plume. ResponsibilitiesImplement user-facing features and content on the plumewifi.com website, Plume store.Assist in UI design and implementation of a variety of features and functionality for the Plume NOC (Network Operations Center), which is the command center and diagnostic tool for the entire Plume network.Build out new products and UI to support our existing customers as well as channel and industry partners.Help migrate systems to the latest web application frameworks and evaluate new technologies.Unit-test code for robustness, usability, and general reliability.Help develop & maintain design patterns for clean & usable codebases.Work as an intermediary between the product/design team and the cloud team to maintain tight system integration, catch/fix early bugs, and help steer how our back-end integrates with various user-facing web and mobile products.QualificationsBA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent experience.5+ years experience developing commercial websites and API integrations.Experience with the Angular (both AngularJS and modern Angular).A firm understanding of responsive design techniques and design patterns.Experience with CSS layout/animation techniques, and tools like SASS/Stylus/etc.Experience with end-to-end testing and unit testing of Javascript components.Experience with writing, testing, running, and deploying NodeJS/Express apps and APIs a BIG plus.D3 and/or related data vizualization a plus.Experience with ES6 components, React, responsive HTML emails, or the StrongLoop API framework are all a plus.
Tablet (TabletHotels.com) was founded in the year 2000 by Laurent Vernhes and Michael Davis, a pair of new-media veterans in search of a cure for boring travel and an antidote to the internet’s most common affliction: an overdose of options. Our users trust our taste — we do the hard work of selecting only the most extraordinary hotels, and we make booking them as painless as it can be.Responsibilities:Our Backend team is focused on supporting and expanding the functionality of a customer-facing website while navigating a seasoned codebase. You’ll report to our Lead Backend Engineer and sit in a growing team of backend developers. We’re a flat team offering ownership, autonomy, and personal collaboration (development, project management, head of technology, marketing) throughout the organization.We're rolling out a new integration with third-party providers which will greatly expand our network, eliminating technical debt, migrating to cloud, and overhauling frontend (we’re using React.js). Also, we’re developing predictive modeling — a technology yet to be applied to travel — building an entirely new and unique mobile experience, and integrating technology tied to marketing expansion.Required Skills:Expertise in PythonExperience creating sensible database schemas with SQLUnderstanding of modern web services and SOAKnowledge of testing and continuous integrationFamiliarity with command-line Unix (we’re running FreeBSD)Nice to Have:Experience working with cloud technologiesExperience with Elasticsearch and RedisExperience with docker and devopsExperience designing RESTful API servicesExperience working with front-end technologies like React.js and HTML
About Us For more than a decade weve been adapting, innovating and collaborating to shape new learning possibilities for over 2 million kids and 75,000 teachers. Our mission is to inspire all students to think differently about math--and love it. We have a creative office environment and a laid-back company culture that acknowledges hard work while encouraging professional growth and innovation. Our award-winning online math software is a pioneer in the EdTech space, and we continue to be at the forefront of the industry. Our adaptive technology, curriculum, and game-like environment work together to provide a unique learning experience thats like no other. Learn more. We are 100% on the Amazon AWS cloud. We work with modern technologies such as Docker, Terraform, Consul, and Nomad to build the next generation of our infrastructure.About The Role You will be reporting to the VP of Engineering, and manage a small group of senior software engineers. We are looking for someone with excellent technical and people skills who will spend 80% of the time on highly technical work, and 20% in people management, leadership and change management. As a Lead Software Engineer, you have the opportunity to help to build DreamBox's platform. Our platform team develops and automates solutions that provide service discovery, load balancing, monitoring, logging, scheduling, etc. The goal is to support our site reliability and continuous delivery objectives.ResponsibilitiesManage a small group of talented senior software engineers.Lead and collaborate with a team of engineers with diverse skill sets to drive solutions.Architect and implement new components of our service platform.Automate manual processes to enable other engineering teams to self-service their application delivery needs.Research and work with cutting-edge technologies that are defining the future of the cloud.Work with modern technologies such as Docker, HashiCorp products (Terraform, Consul, and Nomad), Cloud Formation, Kubernetes, etc.Collaborate with other engineers in the organization to foster solid engineering principles and drive improvement.Help us shape a DevOps culture and foster its adoption.About YouEnjoy working in a team of senior engineers.Strive to do work you're proud of.Passionate about cloud system's availability, resiliency, and scalability.Can communicate effectively to technical and non-technical people.7+ years of applicable experience in technical roles, and 3+ years in people management roles.Experience with technologies such as the AWS stack, Docker, Terraform, Consul, Nomad, Jenkins, etc.Experience with large-scale production SOA systems and microservice architectures.Some coding experience.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply

Description:Position Description  About Order Processing  Order Processing is a grouping of teams within the Product Organization that are responsible for all of the applications required to create and manage orders for a customer’s car buying experience within the 180+ locations at CarMax®:. The Order Processing experience spans a majority of the customer journey; from customer inception to financing to CarMax’s loyalty programs. Each of the teams in Order Processing operate in an Agile environment and are empowered to Drive What’s Possible®: and bring fun and innovative ideas to life. These teams will help drive the bottom line sales of a growing Fortune 500 $15 billion dollar company.  About Lead Developer  The Salesforce Lead Software Developer is responsible for preserving and promoting standard development practices within the Salesforce platform. This position requires effective communication and the ability to efficiently facilitate technical discussions between developers and business partners. Associates in this position are the day-to-day primary point of contact for technical questions and excel in identifying opportunities for associate development.  Lead Software Developers are comfortable with their team’s craft and have a passion for knowledge and experience in all of the languages and technologies within the applications they oversee. Leads are involved in the entire cycle of software, from ideation, through conception, UX, code, test, delivery, and over to support. Associates in this role are passionate in mentoring and are the teachers. This position reports to a Team Manager or Manager.  Position Requirements  Responsibilities: Strong leader of the team through support issuesProven ability to lead support conference callsStrong mentor to others in the business processes implemented in the team’s applications in order to provide resolution to support problemsExpert at effectively estimating the time it will take for themselves and others to perform tasks and are able to influence the team’s work to be completed within those timeframesExpert at identifying tasks and impediments, appropriately and effectively escalates through the appropriate channelsStrong mentor to others in Salesforce best practices and design patternsComfortable with providing developmental feedback to others and managerExpert in identifying minimal viable technical products that meet business requirementsTechnical Expertise:Experience in reviewing and mentoring the successful work of others in evaluating the business objectives, developing user requirements and generating technical specificationsAbility to engage in a critical support situation and effectively, efficiently, and quickly drive to a successful resolutionProven experience leveraging existing software, development of reusable components, and elimination of redundancy in designsEnsures code of self and others is compliant with security standardsUnderstanding of end-to-end system design, from the top to the bottom of the stackComplete understanding of the system, including downstream systems, outage impacts, and limitationsLeadership:Proven ability to navigate the organization to influence decision makers and win trustProven ability to influence the technical direction of others in order to successfully meet the business objectives of medium & large projectsStrong driver of technical consensus within the teamProven ability to drive through obstacles and time constraints to successfully deliver a project to completionProven ability to deliver solutions through building consensus in both business and technical perspectivesFacilitates working and code review sessions leveraging multiple techniquesExperience Required:4 year degree in IT related course of study5+ years of Salesforce development experience2+ years of Leading Agile teams1+ years of LightningAdmin and Developer certificationsStrong oral/written communication, presentation, and organizational skillsStrong interpersonal and communication skills for driving strategic initiatives through large and diverse organizations. Excellent customer service skills.Ability to work within multiple work streams at one timePreferred Qualifications:Integration experience within the Salesforce space (REST, SOAP, ESB)CRM or POS experienceProduct team experience
 SummaryAs a Project Manager in iRobot’s Technology Organization, you will be responsible for guiding teams in the development of innovative new technologies.  This role will include supportive management and oversight of technical projects within the Technology Organization.  Additionally, the Project Manager will be responsible for communication and alignment with key organizations and stakeholders throughout the company to ensure successful project execution and delivery.  Working closely with Technology, Engineering, and Product Management leaders, you will build and leverage a strong understanding of business needs, state of technology maturity and development path, and product development roadmaps across all of iRobot’s product lines. This role will be critical to ensuring iRobot maintains its technology leadership in the consumer robotics industry.  The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of software development best practices, coupled with system thinking and excellent organizational skills. The Project Manager we are looking for will have a demonstrable past track record of success in leading development of products or innovative technologies through well thought-out and transparent delivery plans. This role requires strong organizational and communication skills. Experience working on complex systems, inclusive of electromechanical and software components, ideally robotics, is strongly preferred.Essential Functions/ Job Duties Work closely with Technology Organization Leads to create and track project plans, appropriate to the stage of development, to facilitate timely delivery of new technologies and capabilitiesWork with key company stakeholders, such as in Engineering and Product Management, to advocate for and properly represent technology development timelines, risks, and capabilitiesCoordinate resource planning and task allocations to ensure timely adoption of new technologies into product development programsPresent updates to senior management as appropriate; provide articulate and concise program updates for regular communication across companyQualificationsDegree in engineering field, with software focusExperience with product development processes, with a full understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) principles.Technical leadership or management experience4+ years software development project management experience.Demonstrated experience delivering innovative products or technologiesAbility to manage multiple teams across broad range of technical domainsWorking experience within an Agile environment as developer or project leadSCRUM certification preferredExperience in the robotics industry preferred About UsWe are the leading global consumer robot company, designing and building robots that empower people to do more, both inside and outside of the home. Founded by MIT roboticists who had the vision of making practical robots a reality. To date, we have sold over 20 million robots and globally employ more than 600 of the robot industry’s best and brightest. iRobot is committed to fostering invention, discovery and technological exploration in the pursuit of practical and valuable robot products for the home. iRobot stock trades on the NASDAQ stock market under the ticker symbol IRBT.  iRobot is headquartered in Bedford, Massachusetts, accessible by our corporate shuttle directly from Alewife Station. We also have offices in California, Europe, Japan, China & Hong Kong. Imagine the future you could help us build as a fellow iRoboteer! Check out #LifeAtiRobot and follow us on Instagram: @irobotcareers iRobot is an Equal Opportunity Employer
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
 OverviewDo you like working with transportation networks? Do you like writing APIs and UIs that make it easy for people to solve complex problems? Come join the network analyst team as we build the Python API and desktop UI for performing transportation network analysis in ArcGIS. Responsibilities:Implement (in C++) a Python API to allow external developers the ability to write Python code that performs analysis using ArcGIS Network AnalystDesign UI components to improve the usability of ArcGIS Network Analyst in ArcGIS DesktopInteract with other team members to develop robust software frameworks and solutionsRequirementsIn-depth knowledge of C++Excellent design, development, and debugging skillsDesire to deliver a great user experience by diagnosing and fixing usability and performance issuesExcellent written and verbal communication skillsBachelor’s or master’s in computer science or related field, depending on position levelRecommended Qualifications:Windows programming skills including .NET, MVVM, and Visual StudioExperience with PythonUnderstanding of GIS/Esri softwareKnowledge of network analysis algorithms The CompanyOur passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Openlink's dbc division seeks a Senior Software developer to join our .Net team. Our developers work with Product Management, Leads/Managers, Architects and team members to understand the project requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions. The successful candidate will work closely with business representatives and other developers to gather, analyse and fully understand business requirements and will become subject matter experts in one or more areas of our agribusiness solution. Key ResponsibilitiesDesigning, coding, testing, implementing, maintaining and supporting application software that is delivered with quality and on timeProvides technical leadership for development projects - ensures that the solutions provided are integrated, aligned with the corporate direction, and makes the most appropriate use of technologyInteract with QA, Product Management, Support and Specification& Test Management departments to quickly diagnose and resolve problemsPerforms code reviewsMentors and trains in areas of expertiseBachelors or equivalent requiredOpenlink is committed to identifying and removing any discriminatory policies and practices found in the recruitment and selection process. We strive to provide equal access to employment opportunities across our organization.If you have an accommodation need, please email globalhr@openlink.com as soon as possible to make the appropriate arrangements.Thanks for your interest in Openlink!
 SEG will provide naval combat system requirements engineering and management expertise in support of missions, system-of-systems, advanced ship, combat system, and combat system integration. General responsibilities will include: Support requirements engineering activities to produce combat system definitions and designs.Contribute to the development of combat system-level requirements, interface definition, and integration options for surface ship combat systems.Conduct engineering analysis and trade studies to identify and recommend warfare systems which satisfy required capabilities for the surface fleet and to analyze technical requirements documentation.Developed documents shall provide proper traceability and decomposition of requirements from higher-level specifications and proper implementation of system-level requirements.Support verifying traceability of requirements, assessing the completeness and correctness of allocated requirements.Maintain requirements and specifications documentation in a requirements management tool.Utilize the Dynamic Object Oriented Requirements Systems (DOORS) requirements management tool, to create and manage modules, attributes, links, and data input, as well as format and export data.Utilize MS Office products to generate and format requirements documentation.Provide support to integrate the requirements and architecture models in the development of a cohesive combat system definition Required SkillsMINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:Security Clearance:Candidates for this position must have a SECRET level security clearance. Interim Secret clearances are acceptable.Education:Accreditation Board of Engineering and Technology (ABET) Accredited Bachelor of Science (BS) Degree from ABET recognized engineering curriculum OR BS Degree in physical science, engineering, or mathematics that includes 24 semester hours in physical science and/or related engineering science such as mechanics, dynamics, properties of materials, and electronics.Experience:Five (5) years of software engineering experience with three (3) years of specialized experience with emphasis in one or more of the following: Combat Systems Cyber SecurityShips Self Defense SystemLittoral Combat Ship (LCS) class frigateAegis Integrated Combat SystemsDDG-1000 Zumwalt class destroyerAegis Ballistic Missile DefenseElement Level (Weapon, Sensor, or Combat Management System) ExperienceAgile software developmentCompany Overview: Systems Engineering Group, Inc. (SEG) is a highly regarded and leading provider of missile systems engineering and analysis. Principal customers include the U.S. Navy, Missile Defense Agency, AEGIS Ballistic Missile Defense Program, and Program Executive Offices for Integrated Warfare Systems and Ships. SEG is headquartered in Columbia, MD and is convenient to routes 32, 29, and 95. SEG is a wholly owned subsidiary of Telephonics Corporation. SEG provides excellent benefits, work environment and outstanding growth opportunities. Benefits: SEG's benefit package include Major Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance. SEG has a generous 401k with company match. In additional to generous vacation leave SEG ofers sick leave benefits.  We are an Affirmative Action / Equal Employment Opportunity Employer (M/F/D/V). All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected characteristic. Reasonable accommodations may include but are not limited to that which may enable individuals with disabilities and special disabled veterans to perform the essential functions of this position.Required Experience  Job Location  Dahlgren, US-VA 
Description:Position Description  About Order Processing  Order Processing is a grouping of teams within the Product Organization that are responsible for all of the applications required to create and manage orders for a customer’s car buying experience within the 180+ locations at CarMax®:. The Order Processing experience spans a majority of the customer journey; from customer inception to financing to CarMax’s loyalty programs. Each of the teams in Order Processing operate in an Agile environment and are empowered to Drive What’s Possible®: and bring fun and innovative ideas to life. These teams will help drive the bottom line sales of a growing Fortune 500 $15 billion dollar company.  About Lead Developer  The Salesforce Lead Software Developer is responsible for preserving and promoting standard development practices within the Salesforce platform. This position requires effective communication and the ability to efficiently facilitate technical discussions between developers and business partners. Associates in this position are the day-to-day primary point of contact for technical questions and excel in identifying opportunities for associate development.  Lead Software Developers are comfortable with their team’s craft and have a passion for knowledge and experience in all of the languages and technologies within the applications they oversee. Leads are involved in the entire cycle of software, from ideation, through conception, UX, code, test, delivery, and over to support. Associates in this role are passionate in mentoring and are the teachers. This position reports to a Team Manager or Manager.  Position Requirements  Responsibilities: Strong leader of the team through support issuesProven ability to lead support conference callsStrong mentor to others in the business processes implemented in the team’s applications in order to provide resolution to support problemsExpert at effectively estimating the time it will take for themselves and others to perform tasks and are able to influence the team’s work to be completed within those timeframesExpert at identifying tasks and impediments, appropriately and effectively escalates through the appropriate channelsStrong mentor to others in Salesforce best practices and design patternsComfortable with providing developmental feedback to others and managerExpert in identifying minimal viable technical products that meet business requirementsTechnical Expertise:Experience in reviewing and mentoring the successful work of others in evaluating the business objectives, developing user requirements and generating technical specificationsAbility to engage in a critical support situation and effectively, efficiently, and quickly drive to a successful resolutionProven experience leveraging existing software, development of reusable components, and elimination of redundancy in designsEnsures code of self and others is compliant with security standardsUnderstanding of end-to-end system design, from the top to the bottom of the stackComplete understanding of the system, including downstream systems, outage impacts, and limitationsLeadership:Proven ability to navigate the organization to influence decision makers and win trustProven ability to influence the technical direction of others in order to successfully meet the business objectives of medium & large projectsStrong driver of technical consensus within the teamProven ability to drive through obstacles and time constraints to successfully deliver a project to completionProven ability to deliver solutions through building consensus in both business and technical perspectivesFacilitates working and code review sessions leveraging multiple techniquesExperience Required:4 year degree in IT related course of study5+ years of Salesforce development experience2+ years of Leading Agile teams1+ years of LightningAdmin and Developer certificationsStrong oral/written communication, presentation, and organizational skillsStrong interpersonal and communication skills for driving strategic initiatives through large and diverse organizations. Excellent customer service skills.Ability to work within multiple work streams at one timePreferred Qualifications:Integration experience within the Salesforce space (REST, SOAP, ESB)CRM or POS experienceProduct team experience
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 Successful candidate will work within a team of software engineers to design, develop, test and maintain C-130J/C-5 software products. Must be capable of working effectively within a configuration managed software development environment across all phases of the project life cycle. Adherence to rigorous company and program specific software development processes is required. Position requires a working knowledge of at least one programming languages as well as software engineering principles. This position requires good communication and organizational skills, good writing skills and the ability to work in a team environment.  Must be a US Citizen or legally authorized to work in US as a permanent resident. This position is located at a facility that requires special access.  Basic Qualifications  A minimum of bachelors degree from an accredited college in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering or other engineering degree with software programming coursework.  Knowledge of at least one of the following desired: C, C++, C#, or Ada.  Desired skills  Must have excellent oral and written communication skills.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.  Join us at Lockheed Martin, where were engineering a better tomorrow. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Job Location(s): Marietta Georgia
Company Information Solid reputation, passionate people and endless opportunities. That's Travelers. Our superior financial strength and consistent record of strong operating returns mean security for our customers - and opportunities for our employees. You will find Travelers to be full of energy and a workplace in which you truly can make a difference. Job Summary Technical Knowledge: Knowledge of .NET, SQL, Crystal Reports, Cognos Reports, Auto-Sys and ETL tools is a plus. Knowledge of Frontier or Tririga vendor applications is a plus. Primary Job Duties & Responsibilities Responsible for system programming and analysis tasks of intermediate complexity within a single system or group of small systems.  Responsibilities include performing analysis, design, programming and configuration functions (includes defining technical requirements) with a very high degree of accuracy and speed.  Performs analysis, assessment and resolution for defects and incidents of intermediate complexity and escalates appropriately.  Builds effective relationships with stakeholders.  Utilizes business knowledge to explain technical activities in business terms.  Seeks opportunities to expand technical knowledge and capabilities.  Performs basic project management responsibilities.  Provides technical guidance and mentorship to less experienced employees.  Applies knowledge of current industry trends and techniques to formulate solutions within the context of assigned projects.  Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications High School diploma or equivalent required. 3 years of programming/development experience required. Education, Work Experience & Knowledge Bachelor's degree in a related field preferred. 5 years of programming/development experience preferred. Ability to collaborate with vendors is a must. ETL experience is preferred. PowerShell is a plus. Job Specific & Technical Skills & Competencies Technical Knowledge: Demonstrates advanced programming/configuration/analytical skills to achieve business and or technical requirements. Able to work independently to resolve discrepancies, defects, incidents or problems with understanding of the business and system impacts. Able to identify and exercise appropriate escalation communications. Demonstrates an aptitude for learning and applying new and/or updated programming languages, techniques, and/or software development disciplines. Demonstrates understanding of the supported business systems. Communication Skills: Ability to communicate thoughts/designs/ideas in an unambiguous manner and adjusts communication based on audience. Exhibits active and effective communication skills with team members - including active listening and effective written and verbal communication skills. Effectively contributes and communicates with the immediate team. Business Knowledge & Partnership: Able to clearly and concisely communicate with the business. Demonstrates willingness, cooperation, and concern for business issues. Able to understand assigned business unit and business priorities. Able to coordinate with other technical areas to achieve project/department or division goals. Problem Solving & Decision Making: Able to recognize, analyze, and diagnose business and technical problems, incidents, and defects of advanced complexity. Able to creatively evaluate alternative solutions Able to reuse previously completed processes. Demonstrates the ability to make routine decisions independently and recognizes when escalation is necessary. Team Orientation: Ability to build and foster relationships with team, business, and technical partners to achieve objectives. Practices objectivity and openness to others' views. Able to recognize and support team priorities. Leadership: Exhibits team leadership and collaborates with partners. Planning (Project Management): Able to manage time and competing priorities and provide management with accurate and timely status information. Able to accurately evaluate and estimate tasks. Financial Awareness: Able to understand how the project schedule relates to budget. Environmental/Work Schedules/Other Requires weekend work hours. Requires overnight work hours. Requires holiday work hours (Federal and religious). Requires extended periods (1 or more weeks) of travel as needed. Requires travel up to 5% of time. Physical Requirements Operates standard office equipment. Requires extended periods of computer use. Requires extended periods of sitting. Licensing or Certificates Depends on the specific role but some examples may include: ITIL Remedy Java certification Microsoft certification.net Kanban/Agile/SAFe Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Travelers is an equal opportunity employer.
 What’s better than the opportunity to build cutting edge new software tools? The opportunity to do so as an entry level team member in a job with 40 hour work week. At Spectrum, we pride ourselves not only on our great software but our fantastic work-hard-play hard mentality in which our Junior Software Developers can not only work in the fabulous city of Chicago, but actually explore and enjoy it too. So if you’re a creative programmer looking to work on products that matter to real life customers within exciting new spaces like that of artificial intelligence, please, read on. Responsibilities Beyond working with state of the art technology, you will have many different fantastic projects to work on as a Junior Software Developer at Spectrum. Here are just a few different responsibilities you can expect off the bat: Work closely with management, end-users and IT peers to develop new applications or enhancements to existing applications.Utilize the .NET Framework and best practice software design practices in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.Research, plan, design and develop new applications, maintaining existing code, working on new enhancements and features, writing, tuning and debugging SQL stored procedures for use with web applications.Collaborate with other developers and management, sharing ideas during team meetings, and learning from senior developers.Work with source code control systems.Participate in code reviews with other team members to ensure development guidelines and security standards are met.Code against cloud service APIs to optimize and automate the development workflow.Some Characteristics That Define You As a Junior Software Developer in Spectrum’s agile development environment, you will have an array of different roles both in and outside of your core team. As such, here are just a few traits that should define you: Forward Thinking. Peeking into the future is a day-to-day occurrence in the software department at Spectrum. It’s important that you’re always considering what’s coming next, and how we can get there.Candid. At Spectrum our goal is simple—growth. In order to grow our software, our team, and ourselves, it is essential that you are honest and open with your ideas and your opinions.Problem Solver/Puzzle Lover. As a developer, you love finding that needle in a haystack we call a bug, and being the first to solve tough problems.Analytical. In order to solve problems and build innovative new tools, it is essential that you know how to take an idea and analyze it from all of its angles.Detail-Oriented. When you work with long lines of code all day, it only makes sense that you’re extremely detail-oriented, ensuring that everything will run smoothly and efficiently.Business-Savvy. Beyond the wicked development skills you bring to the table, we also want you to consider the business implications of our software tools. From the ways our team will use them to how our customers will use them, we always want you to keep the user and the business application in mind.Required Skills and Experience On top of the many intangible skills you bring to the table, there are many skills that can help improve the efficiencies and success of your work at Spectrum. Here are a few of those required skills and experience that you will come in with as a Junior Software Developer on our team: A bachelor’s degree/pursuing a bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, information systems, or a related field.NET/C#Microsoft SQLHTML and CSSVisual StudioWritten and verbal expressionBuilding REST clientsJavaScript/JQueryA version control system (Git, SVN, etc.)CSS frameworks (Bootstrap, Foundation, etc.)MVC design pattern and object-oriented programmingRazor or similar markup languageBenefits As a Junior Software Developer at Spectrum there are a ton of fantastic perks and benefits that come along with your work. Here are just a few of the benefits you can expect when joining the Spectrum family: Comprehensive medical & dental insuranceRetirement planning & company matchingGenerous PTO, including sick days & holidaysA state-of-the-art office environmentNintendo Switch in-office gaming such as FIFA, Arms, Mario Kart, and Rocket LeagueYear-round gym membershipsPaid continuing educationCasual dress codeFlexible schedulingFree-Lunch-FridayCompany sponsored parties and group activities outside of the officeAbout Spectrum Our company mission can be summed up in one word—growth. At Spectrum, our top priorities revolve around growing business for our customers, growing our software, and growing our careers.  Since opening our doors in 1992, Spectrum has proudly served the small and medium-sized business owner, developing new and innovative ways to drive sales for their businesses. Today, we work with more than 1000 clients in virtually every major North American market serving as one of the nation’s top lead generation software and service providers in the home services arena. But Spectrum is so much more than just a service for lead generation and lead generation software.  Spectrum is a manifestation of our team’s ingenuity and unique skillset. The talent of our individual team members and energy as a unit has led us to create the program responsible for our overall success. This lead generation ecosystem, combining a multitude of software tools, full-service account management, and web-development processes has secured millions of leads for our clients and is a true testament to the capabilities and forward-thinking attitude of the Spectrum family.  With offices in downtown Chicago as well as the northwest suburbs, we continue to grow every day as a leader and innovator in driving client sales, and we want you to join us in doing so. Come on board and apply for our Junior Software Developer position today!
Account DevelopmentCompany: Safari Ltd® is an American owned, family operated manufacturer and worldwide distributor of educational toys. Our hand-painted figurines have been inspiring children of all ages around the globe for three generations. Our mission is to teach the importance of nature and its conservation through the joy of play. We are the market leader in the industry and have experienced record growth. From our vast collection of classic animals to our imaginative mythical creatures and our Safariology line, we have something to excite even the most grown up children.Position Overview:We are looking for a motivated, enthusiastic person with a passion for toys. Account Development must be organized, independent, articulate and driven. On the phone, at a trade show or through social media, an Account Developer must have a genuine interest in learning about our clients’ needs and applying solutions to grow their business. We would love to meet you if you are fun and resourceful and enjoy a relaxed, independent work environment!With a renovated building and a new, robust software system, Safari Ltd® is giving you all the tools necessary to thrive in a fun-filled, team environment. You will have an opportunity to grow with us and have a voice in the development of your clients, as well as your personal career path. Safari Ltd® will provide ongoing training to help you develop your warm leads and grow your account base. We offer a great work/life balance with a competitive salary and excellent benefits.Other functions the Account Development role entails:Maintain day-to-day contact with clients, building relationships with each through phone and emailPossess working knowledge of all Safari Ltd® products and be able to articulate the benefits of each collectionStudy client needs and develop a long-term growth planCommunicate to customers and advise ways to maximize internal promotionsTravel nationally to trade shows with complete ownership over the entire process from set-up to representing Safari Ltd® in various markets and generating leadsRequirements:Bachelor’s degreeMinimum three years of Sales and/or Marketing experienceStrong communication and presentations skillsMust be self-directed and motivated while also fitting in with a teamProficiency in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint)20% travel required within the United StatesPunctuality and consistent work attendanceMust be able to lift 25 poundsCold-calling, Prospecting skillsHunter MentalitySalesforce or CRM is required
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 SEG will provide naval combat system requirements engineering and management expertise in support of missions, system-of-systems, advanced ship, combat system, and combat system integration. General responsibilities will include: Support requirements engineering activities to produce combat system definitions and designs.Contribute to the development of combat system-level requirements, interface definition, and integration options for surface ship combat systems.Conduct engineering analysis and trade studies to identify and recommend warfare systems which satisfy required capabilities for the surface fleet and to analyze technical requirements documentation.Developed documents shall provide proper traceability and decomposition of requirements from higher-level specifications and proper implementation of system-level requirements.Support verifying traceability of requirements, assessing the completeness and correctness of allocated requirements.Maintain requirements and specifications documentation in a requirements management tool.Utilize the Dynamic Object Oriented Requirements Systems (DOORS) requirements management tool, to create and manage modules, attributes, links, and data input, as well as format and export data.Utilize MS Office products to generate and format requirements documentation.Provide support to integrate the requirements and architecture models in the development of a cohesive combat system definition Required SkillsMINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:Security Clearance:Candidates for this position must have a SECRET level security clearance. Interim Secret clearances are acceptable.Education:Accreditation Board of Engineering and Technology (ABET) Accredited Bachelor of Science (BS) Degree from ABET recognized engineering curriculum OR BS Degree in physical science, engineering, or mathematics that includes 24 semester hours in physical science and/or related engineering science such as mechanics, dynamics, properties of materials, and electronics.Experience:Five (5) years of software engineering experience with three (3) years of specialized experience with emphasis in one or more of the following: Combat Systems Cyber SecurityShips Self Defense SystemLittoral Combat Ship (LCS) class frigateAegis Integrated Combat SystemsDDG-1000 Zumwalt class destroyerAegis Ballistic Missile DefenseElement Level (Weapon, Sensor, or Combat Management System) ExperienceAgile software developmentCompany Overview: Systems Engineering Group, Inc. (SEG) is a highly regarded and leading provider of missile systems engineering and analysis. Principal customers include the U.S. Navy, Missile Defense Agency, AEGIS Ballistic Missile Defense Program, and Program Executive Offices for Integrated Warfare Systems and Ships. SEG is headquartered in Columbia, MD and is convenient to routes 32, 29, and 95. SEG is a wholly owned subsidiary of Telephonics Corporation. SEG provides excellent benefits, work environment and outstanding growth opportunities. Benefits: SEG's benefit package include Major Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance. SEG has a generous 401k with company match. In additional to generous vacation leave SEG ofers sick leave benefits.  We are an Affirmative Action / Equal Employment Opportunity Employer (M/F/D/V). All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected characteristic. Reasonable accommodations may include but are not limited to that which may enable individuals with disabilities and special disabled veterans to perform the essential functions of this position.Required Experience  Job Location  Dahlgren, US-VA 
 We are looking for Software Engineers to help build one of the largest and fastest-growing on-demand home services companies. TaskEasy has a fast-moving, highly collaborative team that works in concert with Product Design and Quality Assurance. We value creativity, critical reasoning, code quality, and teamwork. You will not just be coding, but also actively helping to invent and design features for the system that make our company go. As a Senior Software Developer you will be expected to help guide our infrastructure as we grow and be able to mentor junior devs as necessary. You will be working within existing code bases and migrating deprecated applications into new paradigms. What we look for ? Work in a fast-paced, agile team environment  ? Be able to communicate clearly and effectively  ? Production experience with modern deployment strategies  ? Be an engineering leader and promote any new technologies as they fit  ? Become fluent with the full stack of TaskEasy’s software  ? Care about coding standards and develop efficient, elegant, clean code with no unnecessary complication Code requirements ? 3-5 years' Object Oriented Programming experience working with Java, Python, Node, and/or Ruby (preferably in a web environment)  ? Strong experience in JavaScript and JavaScript Frameworks  ? Unit testing experience and ability to provide good code coverage Extra Credit ? React ? ES6 ? Spring Framework  ? Python/Ruby/Node ? CSS3 Amazon Cloud services (SQS, S3, etc) 
 Overview  Are you a talented software developer who wants to design, develop, and maintain user-centered features and support systems? Work as a front–end developer to create and implement user experiences and innovative front–end design and implementation for applications. Responsibilities:Research and push the state of the art of UX practicesDesign and implement functionality in Esri productsArchitect solutions working in .NET as an expert WPF and C# programmer, writing scalable, reusable, and maintainable codeDesign and develop stable software that includes automated test validationWork closely with other programmers and developers to develop robust software components, integrating the software with other teamsDiagnose and fix software problemsRequirementsStrong UI development background1+ years of experience using C# to create user interfaces for WPF desktop applications1+ years of C/C++ programmingUnderstanding of WPF using MVVM patterns in desktop applicationsStrong passion for detailed, innovative, and empathic design combined with well-rounded design skills (interaction, UI, visual, and motion design)Working knowledge of unit and functional testing methodologiesBachelor’s or master’s in computer science, engineering, or a related field, depending on position levelRecommended Qualifications:Familiarity with CAD and Esri ArcGIS or other web mapping technologiesKnowledge of Agile development methodologies and test-driven development processes#LI-CK1 The Company  Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
What’s in It for You? At Entertainment  Partners (EP), the leader in payroll services for the Entertainment industry,  you will be joining a newly minted team responsible for building a next-generation  services platform. This is a high-impact role at the nexus of EP’s strategic  vision and investment priorities. As a Sr. Software Engineer, you will have the  mandate to bridge a diverse set of technology stacks, data stores and  application offerings with a reusable, cloud-based suite of microservices. Your  work will be challenging, instrumental to the business and disruptive to the industry. Perks: Opportunity to work in a dynamic, emergent team at the center of  EP’s long-term software strategy Competitive compensation, benefits, stock plan  and wellness incentives :: Catered lunches, team building events, guest speakers, opportunities  to attend key industry events Position Summary: EP is seeking an experienced Sr. Software Engineer capable of  delivering performant, high throughput, secure solutions that drive strategic  goals and roadmaps. Responsibilities include analyzing, designing, building,  deploying and transitioning operational ownership of enterprise platforms and  services, while making sure there is strategic alignment with high-level architectural  and technology goals. This is a hands-on development position requiring exceptional  technical expertise and creativity, a strong sense of ownership, great  communication skills and a passion for delivering results in a fast-paced,  agile environment. Key Responsibilities:Design, document, develop, deploy and transition  operational support of frameworks and services.Work in an Agile environment to build high  performance, high throughput, scalable APIs and services within tight  deadlines.Generate automated unit/integration tests,  CI/CD artifacts and monitoring infrastructure as part of deliverables.Continuously look for opportunities for  improvement in practices, coding standards, SDLC and business solutions in  a variety of areas.Identify, document and drive standards in the API/services  area.Mentor and train other developers.Collaborate closely and regularly with Architecture,  Data Science, Quality Engineering, DevOps, Product Management, Program  Management and other business units.Education & Experience:Bachelor’s  degree in Computer Science or related field desired.Minimum 5  years of software development experience with at least 2 years developing  and deploying services and APIs.Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:Expert  knowledge of various technologies and frameworks for building and running  performant and scalable services/APIs.Expert  knowledge of Java or similar OO programing language.Proficiency  in Java best practices.Proficiency  in relational and NoSQL data stores, asynchronous messaging and caching  frameworks.Proficiency in the  microservices architectural style and related patterns, such as  Service Registry, Circuit-Breaker and Timeouts.Hands-on  knowledge of cloud platforms such as AWS and Azure.Hands-on  knowledge of IAM standards such as OAuth2, OpenID Connect, JWT and Spring  Security.Ability to  absorb, understand and communicate written and verbal information and  ideas, and to deliver in a concise manner that is easily understood by  others.Ability to  apply critical thinking to identifying the strengths and weaknesses of  alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.Desired: Experience with core  Java components and frameworks, such as Spring Boot, Hibernate, Jackson,  etc.Desired: Experience with Java build  and testing frameworks, such as Jenkins, Maven/Gradle, and JUnit.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 Openlink's dbc division seeks a Senior Software developer to join our .Net team. Our developers work with Product Management, Leads/Managers, Architects and team members to understand the project requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions. The successful candidate will work closely with business representatives and other developers to gather, analyse and fully understand business requirements and will become subject matter experts in one or more areas of our agribusiness solution. Key ResponsibilitiesDesigning, coding, testing, implementing, maintaining and supporting application software that is delivered with quality and on timeProvides technical leadership for development projects - ensures that the solutions provided are integrated, aligned with the corporate direction, and makes the most appropriate use of technologyInteract with QA, Product Management, Support and Specification& Test Management departments to quickly diagnose and resolve problemsPerforms code reviewsMentors and trains in areas of expertiseBachelors or equivalent requiredOpenlink is committed to identifying and removing any discriminatory policies and practices found in the recruitment and selection process. We strive to provide equal access to employment opportunities across our organization.If you have an accommodation need, please email globalhr@openlink.com as soon as possible to make the appropriate arrangements.Thanks for your interest in Openlink!
 SummaryAs a Project Manager in iRobot’s Technology Organization, you will be responsible for guiding teams in the development of innovative new technologies.  This role will include supportive management and oversight of technical projects within the Technology Organization.  Additionally, the Project Manager will be responsible for communication and alignment with key organizations and stakeholders throughout the company to ensure successful project execution and delivery.  Working closely with Technology, Engineering, and Product Management leaders, you will build and leverage a strong understanding of business needs, state of technology maturity and development path, and product development roadmaps across all of iRobot’s product lines. This role will be critical to ensuring iRobot maintains its technology leadership in the consumer robotics industry.  The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of software development best practices, coupled with system thinking and excellent organizational skills. The Project Manager we are looking for will have a demonstrable past track record of success in leading development of products or innovative technologies through well thought-out and transparent delivery plans. This role requires strong organizational and communication skills. Experience working on complex systems, inclusive of electromechanical and software components, ideally robotics, is strongly preferred.Essential Functions/ Job Duties Work closely with Technology Organization Leads to create and track project plans, appropriate to the stage of development, to facilitate timely delivery of new technologies and capabilitiesWork with key company stakeholders, such as in Engineering and Product Management, to advocate for and properly represent technology development timelines, risks, and capabilitiesCoordinate resource planning and task allocations to ensure timely adoption of new technologies into product development programsPresent updates to senior management as appropriate; provide articulate and concise program updates for regular communication across companyQualificationsDegree in engineering field, with software focusExperience with product development processes, with a full understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) principles.Technical leadership or management experience4+ years software development project management experience.Demonstrated experience delivering innovative products or technologiesAbility to manage multiple teams across broad range of technical domainsWorking experience within an Agile environment as developer or project leadSCRUM certification preferredExperience in the robotics industry preferred About UsWe are the leading global consumer robot company, designing and building robots that empower people to do more, both inside and outside of the home. Founded by MIT roboticists who had the vision of making practical robots a reality. To date, we have sold over 20 million robots and globally employ more than 600 of the robot industry’s best and brightest. iRobot is committed to fostering invention, discovery and technological exploration in the pursuit of practical and valuable robot products for the home. iRobot stock trades on the NASDAQ stock market under the ticker symbol IRBT.  iRobot is headquartered in Bedford, Massachusetts, accessible by our corporate shuttle directly from Alewife Station. We also have offices in California, Europe, Japan, China & Hong Kong. Imagine the future you could help us build as a fellow iRoboteer! Check out #LifeAtiRobot and follow us on Instagram: @irobotcareers iRobot is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Cumulus Networks We are looking for a Software Development Engineer who is ready to make a substantial impact with Cumulus Networks. As the leaders in open networking, we believe in completely transforming the industry by enabling a web-scale IT architectural approach that brings efficiency and flexibility to the network. Joining Cumulus Networks means you’ll be a part of a fast-paced and energetic team dedicated to making data center networking better.  If you want to be part of a truly passionate team, if you have incredible development experience, and if you’re looking to make a difference in a big way, then you are in the right place. We have a stellar leadership team, over 1/3 of the Fortune 500 in our customer base and the financial backing of Andreessen Horowitz, Battery Ventures and Sequoia Capital. We are looking for motivated individuals who thrive on great technology, individual initiative and the ability to see the impact of their work on the business. Responsibilities: You will be the second developer on a new product that is expected to be a large revenue driver in the future. You will be on a dynamic team whose broad responsibilities include defining the product and writing code that implements business logic, virtual machine lifecycle management, web front end, web back end, and operations. About You: We are looking for candidates with a strong background in computer science including deep intuitive understanding of object oriented languages (C++, Python, Go) and modern distributed systems. A Little About Us: We’re a startup, built by people who have gone down this road before. Our founding team is comprised of some of the industry’s most renowned technology innovators responsible for some of the most significant advancements in networking. We are action oriented doers and transparent thinkers. We believe in recruiting and retaining the very best people for every function, promoting from within and having no secrets.  We have an intense focus on customer success, openly confront our problems while celebrating our successes, and manage to results not to hours in the office. We believe in a healthy work-life balance; we even encourage dogs in the office for smile support! We offer a competitive compensation package, pre-IPO equity, and comprehensive health benefits for employees and their families.  Because we like to have fun we of course have catered company parties, picnics and happy hours throughout the year. We have excessively fancy espresso machines in every location, catered lunches three times per week, and bountifully stocked kitchens. All of our offices are an open space model that foster an exciting company culture and a pretty cool place for us to have fun and execute our craft.  We are very proud of our ratings and reviews on Glassdoor and honored to be listed as one of 2017's 50 'Best Places to Work', we encourage you to take a peek!  We are a global company. Our corporate headquarters is in Mountain View, CA. We also have offices in Sydney Australia, and North Carolina (RDU).  Check us out @ cumulusnetworks.com  Cumulus Networks is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex or national origin, etc.
About Wheelhouse: Our mission at Wheelhouse is to build the definitive pricing and business intelligence platform that powers the short-term rental market -- an industry projected to grow by another $70 billion in the next two years. To achieve that goal, our team of engineers and data scientists has built a revolutionary platform that ingests and analyzes billions of data points every day to provide accurate pricing recommendations for our users around the world. We are growing rapidly, and as we do, we need to take our platform to the next level. That's where you come in. About You: We are looking for a motivated engineer who will meaningfully contribute to the core technology that powers our company. You will focus on improving the efficiency and reliability of our infrastructure as we scale our data processing pipeline, add new partner integrations, build out new API's and develop new pricing features for our customers.  If you are the right fit for Wheelhouse, you will have experience in some or all of these areas: Large scale distributed system development,Object oriented programming (JVM class languages like Java, Scala, etc.),Scripting languages (Python, Ruby, etc.),API design and RDBMS schema design and query optimization.We currently use Postgres, Redis, R, Ruby/Rails, React, AWS so in depth experience in any of these areas is definitely a plus.What You'll Be DoingOwn end to end development from design to implementation to deploy to supportContribute to our technology stack/infrastructureAPI design for external partnersBe the technical driver of yourself, lots of ownershipTest and maintain operational excellence
 Why Work at Dell? Endless challenges and rewards. Opportunities on six continents. A team of colleagues fueled by collaboration. All this, and a company deeply committed to integrity and responsibility. Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We cant wait for you to discover this for yourself as a Software Engineer on our Engineering team in Santa Clara Software Engineer needed to work on the cutting edge clustered file system technology in Isilon. Work with a great team of file system specialists and develop the next generation of high performance and highly reliable NAS scale out products. •Responsible for working in the storage space for designing and implementing changes to Isilons clustered file system services, to support existing and new customer use cases. •Responsible for defining, architecting, implementing, and supporting large and complex modules in the core of the File System •Responsible for delivering Design and Functional specifications. •Participate in all phases of the development cycle. •Analyze and improve system performance. •Provide accurate and detailed schedule estimates for development efforts. •Interface with other functional areas such as Support, QA, and Product Management. •Interact with customers to help understand requirements as well as troubleshoot and solve complex problems. •Develop and review unit test procedures and work closely with QA to develop system integration test plans. •Require strong skills in system programming, memory management, multi-core, distributed programming, synchronization, data structures and algorithms. A background in designing scalable, high performance products and knowledge of file systems and storage is a big plus Join us if you are ready to learn, innovate and grow your career with us. Desired Skills: Experience in Linux/FreeBSD/Unix systems programming in C. Understanding of kernel internals, designing, implementing and debugging at Kernel level Experience in File System internals, Data Structures and Algorithms. Techniques to scale algorithms without loss of performance, a plus. Ability to thrive in a fast paced, self-directed environment. Smart, willing to learn quickly and move the project forward. Education and Experience: Typically requires 2+ years of related experience with a Bachelors degree; or an advanced degree without experience; or equivalent experience Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here .
 The Software Developer II (Intermediate) contributes to all facets of the development, maintenance, and support of SECURUS systems and applications, with emphasis on support of Accounting, Customer Satisfaction, and Sales applications.  Responsibilities include:  * Design, development, and unit testing of bug fixes and code enhancements  * On-call support for Securus Accounting, Customer Satisfaction, and Sales applications  The Software Developer II follows Senior and Lead Developers, working in teams or independently depending on the complexity of the task.  The Software Developer II will be responsible for tier 2 production support of specific Securus applications. He/she will analyze problem reports, research the code and environment, and work with business and systems support personnel to prepare and deploy solutions. The position will be encouraged to find permanent fixes for recurring problems.  The position will participate in project-based development for supported systems. He/she will assist senior developers in performing analysis of business requirements to develop level of effort estimates and design recommendations. The position will assist with design, coding, unit test, and deployment of project components. At all stages, he/she will provide required technical documentation.  The position requires strong written and verbal communication skills, with the demonstrated ability to work with both technical IT and non-technical business personnel. Duties include: Respond to requests for tier 2 production support of specified systemsAnalyze business requirements and estimate level of effort based on documented requirements and interviews with business ownersDevelop technical requirements and interface specifications in collaboration with senior developersWrite code based on requests from business owners and designs developer in collaboration with senior developersPerform unit testingProvide Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) deliverables, including design and test result documents The candidate must have 2+ years experience developing in the .NET environment using C# and coding SQL stored procedures for MS SQL Server. He/she must be experienced writing JavaScript and web services. Familiarity with ASP, IIS, PHP, SSIS, SSRS, Windows services and XML is helpful.  The candidate must have direct experience with one or more of the software categories to be supported (Accounting, Sales/Customer Relationship Management).  Exposure to Dynamics GP (Great Plains) is a big plus.  The candidate must be self-directed and able to manage daily production support requests with a minimum of supervision. He/should must be comfortable adapting to a rapidly shifting client focus and adept at multitasking.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.
 Senior Software Development Engineer in Test – Hybrid Cloud (Mountain View, CA - USA)  About Egnyte:  Egnyte, a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Enterprise File Share and Synchronization, allows organizations to connect, protect, and unlock value from all their content. Our Content Intelligence platform delivers smart content collaboration and governance in the cloud or on-premises to thousands of businesses around the world in even the most regulated industries. Founded in 2007, Egnyte is privately held and headquartered in Mountain View, CA. Investors include venture capital firms, such as Google Ventures and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, as well as technology partners, such as CenturyLink and Seagate Technology. Job Description: As our company continues to grow and acquire large enterprise customers, we’re looking for a Senior Test Automation Engineer to join our engineering team to ensure our products, including new functionality designed for Enterprise customers, continues to be of the highest quality. Specific responsibilities will include:Architect and design a range of automated testing platforms and frameworks that will ultimately reduce defects, improve quality and enable delivery of high quality software faster.Define road maps and detailed implementation plans in collaboration with SDETs for QA Automation strategy and implementation.Implement solutions for functional testing, performance testing, end to end testing, and continuous testing for various use cases including file serving, cloud orchestration, and API back end componentsCollaborate with engineering teams in designing test cases using the above test frameworks, iterating on framework design as necessaryDevelop dashboards for reporting results of automated test runs (current and historical) executed on the above test frameworksThe successful candidate will have:Demonstrated success with quality assurance concepts, test plan/test case definition and problem analysisAutomated Quality Assurance testing experience with enterprise and cloud scale products on various software, hardware and networking infrastructures.Experience designing, setting up and maintaining automation frameworks, tools and scripts for CI/CD environments.Solid knowledge of Python, Ruby, REST APIs, SQL, Java and modern scripting languages.Source control and build tools experience with GIT, Jenkins, Jira, JMeter.Worked in a fast-paced Agile development environment.Solid understanding of SDLC phases including requirements analysis, design, coding, testing, release and maintenance.Testing experience with cloud, database or storage products strongly preferred. Please send your resume to jobs_engineering@egnyte.com add "Senior Software Development Engineer in Test – Hybrid Cloud" in the subject line.
Who we are: Epilogue Systems is an early-to-growth stage B2B SaaS startupWhat we do: We provide a digital performance support solution for employers, software makers and their ecosystems to ensure optimum user performance with their key B2B applications.Who we need: An inspired SaaS solution sales executive who can expertly execute on front-end sales cycle activities.Why we need you: We’re building a great team to help introduce the world to a leading SaaS solution. We need your help to make this vision a reality.Where we’re located: Epilogue Systems Global HQ is located in the Ambler Yards industrial park. We also have a team in Germany serving the European market.Skills and Experience1- 2 years of sales experience in B2B environmentA hunger for achievement, positive attitude and desire to learnStrong listening skills with a focused empathetic and consultative earAbility to work in a fast-paced growing environmentExperience using sales enablement/social research tools – CRM knowledge a plusNaturally inquisitive and conversationalExceptional written/verbal communicator. Samples/Role Play will be asked for as part of the process.ResponsibilitiesLearn, master, and apply the Epilogue playbook, messaging, and defined Account Development processesDevelop pipeline through researchStrategic cadence of outbound efforts in alignment with persona-based messagingMaintain knowledge of Epilogue, competitive positioning, and industry trendsWork closely with Sales colleagues to calibrate targeted prospective customers, call strategies, and messaging to drive sales qualified opportunitiesHelp curate the insights we share with clients (taking existing content and repackaging and presenting it at the right time)Employ sophisticated objection resolution skillsMaintain pipeline in SFDCExpectationsHelp make every interaction an Epilogue prospect has with us valuableUnderstand the job begins at the point of the first objectionEmploy outstanding attention to detailPossess phone presence and high energyPractice trust and transparency with the team and managementResults-driven and able to achieve/exceed monthly/quarterly/annual sales quotasAble and willing to commute to the Ambler/Philadelphia areaAbout Epilogue Epilogue provides a B2B software which facilitates on-boarding and rapid adoption of other software applications by being the smartest and fastest way to create, manage and deliver digital performance support for your applications.Our rapid adoption digital performance support (DPS) solution assists users through any transaction, process and workflows within your application. Applications become smarter and more helpful with on-demand availability and guidance. Epilogue is complementary to your existing setup, requiring no additional out of box integration and is ultimately flexible across applications, including Windows based application and web applications.Epilogue is comprised of a solution that documents your applications 90% faster than can be done otherwise, automatically capturing context-sensitivity and automatically generating a variety of best-practice formats preferred by end users for understanding how to use your applications, all in bite-sized chunks. This content is automatically pushed to end users as they work in your applications at their precise moment of need – this is often referred to as micro-learning. Epilogue also provides the means to manage the content over time as your applications undergo change and as you expand the use of Epilogue to other important applications in your enterprise. 


We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
 Juniper’s Contrail team is looking for a senior software technical engineer to help evolve Contrail SDN controller into NFV space by adding carrier grade capabilities around fault tolerance, HA and high packet performance. Responsibilities:Design, architect and implement features in Contrail’s SDN controller in an agile fast paced mannerPerform functional and unit testing and automate as much as possibleWrite functional specification, technical design documents and blog postsWork closely with product managers and senior management to influence the product evolutionFront end customer solution design engagements in telco cloud/SDDC space, understand their unique requirements and, lead a team to develop the necessary capabilities into the productEvaluate open source technologies and build a case around their use when adding new features into the productTake ownership for the work done and the end-to-end customer experience including packaging and deliveryRequired SkillsExperience working with Infrastructure-as-a-service platforms (Openstack, vSphere)Hands-on experience programming in C++ and Python using object oriented conceptsExpertise building a distributed system, preferably with Open Source technologiesDeep understanding of SDN/NFV spacePrior experience in Linux based development and NetworkingBS/MS degree in Computer Science with 10+ years of software development experienceSelf Starter - someone who is able to work independently with little hands-on supervision delivering to aggressive timelinesDesired Characteristics:Self-motivated, thrives in an environment where there is diversity of work and is happy to take on new challengesThoughtful and articulates in a clean and clear mannerUnderstands Cloud Architectures, Virtualization and various enabling technologies from vendors (e.g. INTEL)Thorough understanding of distributed systems and networking domain
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: Designs, develops, documents, tests and debugs applications software and systems that contain logical and mathematical solutions  Conducts multidisciplinary research and collaborates with equipment designers and/or hardware engineers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software  Determines computer user needs; analyzes system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques and controls; prepares operating instructions; designs and develops compilers and assemblers, utility programs, and operating systems  Ensures software standards are met  Elicit, derive, and document software and/or system requirements to meet internal or external customer specifications  Define software/and or system architecture, design software modules, and produce associated documentation per corporate or customer standards  Write and test software modules and integrate with other software and/or hardware components ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: Punctuality to work each day and prepared to work scheduled work hours  Other duties as assigned COMPLIANCE RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsible for thoughtful adherence to all SNC Policies, Procedures, and Compliance regulations (internal and external)  Responsible for timely execution of all personnel-related activities such as Time Sheet completion, Performance Evaluations, Salary Reviews, Succession Planning, etc.  Responsible for leadership oversight and for ensuring Department/Team training ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Minimum physical requirements to perform all duties and responsibilities, as defined by management  SNC job descriptions are meant as summarizations only. They do not necessarily reflect all duties and responsibilities of a position EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS REQUIRED: Requires a BS in Related Field.  Experience designing and developing software  Experience in project definition  Ability to rapidly work with minimal supervision on projects involving both small and large teams  Ability to work in a highly collaborative, fast-paced environment  Note: Ability to obtain/maintain a security clearance may be required. LIJW Sierra Nevada Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer  – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran, or any other protected status  pursuant to applicable local, state or federal law, ordinance or regulation.
 OverviewAs a key member of the IT team, you will contribute to the partnership with business and technology stakeholders to plan and execute implementation of technology solutions through a multitude of delivery channels. In this exciting role, you will maintain a current-state view and 6 - 12 month roadmap of the technology and development solutions and resource allocations. You will have the opportunity to lead the team in conceiving, designing and implementing enterprise applications and service oriented architectures. The key deliverable of this role is to manage and drive the output of the software development teams, through appropriate resource allocation, and implementation and governance of an Agile work environment. If providing technical leadership and management of application development projects from beginning to end appeals to you, we would like to hear from you!Responsibilities Mentor, coach, develop and grow top engineering talent.Lead a team of passionate engineers to help build new platform and product capabilities for enterprise services at Patelco.Foster a high performing Agile based culture of trust, teamwork, empowerment, accountability, responsiveness, and communication. Set boundaries, success criteria, and measure progress. Suggest success patterns and call out anti-patterns.Advocate and drive high-quality engineering through code reviews and test automationBuild strong partnerships within and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, and implement technical solutions across a full-stack of development tools and technologiesStrong knowledge and proven experience implementing enterprise service oriented architectures and data warehouse environments.Provide functional, technical and process leadership in areas such as pair programming, TDD, DevOps, Project Refactoring, Code Reviews etc.Be a highly technical and an effective people managerParticipate with senior management in developing a long-term technology roadmap.Experience with mobile technologies - iOS and Android.Performs other duties as assignedQualificationsBachelor’s degree in computer science or related field10+ years of industry experience with 5+ years in a management roleFinancial Service Industry knowledge is a plus. Competencies Required 15 years of progressively responsible related experience in IT, including 10 years of experience implementing and supporting large scale technically complex service oriented architectures and five years of experience in a management role.Experience with Agile project management and methodology.Experienced developing applications using C#, ASP.Net, .NET, SQL Server, WCF, MVC , AngularJs, N-Tier applications.COTS, Saas and custom web application experience in support of large scale complex service oriented architectures.Experience taking projects from scoping requirements through launch of the project.Desire to work in a highly-collaborative environment focused on developer experience and developer delightDemonstrated ability to build awesome products and have positive impact on engineering teamsKnowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operationsStrong written and verbal communication skills, excellent technical communication with peers and non-technical cohortsMust be comfortable operating in a collaborative, shared leadership environment. Physical Activities/Requirements Flexible with working long hours when neededLocated at Pleasanton Headquarters
 Based in California, AeroVironment (AVAV) is a global leader in unmanned aircraft systems, tactical missile systems and electric vehicle charging and test systems. Founded in 1971 by celebrated physicist and engineer, Dr. Paul MacCready, we’ve been at the leading edge of technical innovation for more than 40 years. Be a part of the team that developed the world’s most widely used military drones, pioneered today’s advanced EV charging technologies, created the first submarine-launched reconnaissance drone and has seven innovative vehicles that are part of the Smithsonian Institution’s permanent collection in Washington, DC. Join us today in developing the next generation of solutions from small UAS and tactical missile systems to tomorrow’s electric vehicle charging and test systems that will deliver more actionable intelligence to our customers so they can proceed with certainty – and succeed. Brief DescriptionSr. Software Engineers are responsible for the system level design, development (code and debug), integrating, and testing of software applications.  The work responsibilities include:  · Video Processing Chain for Computer Vision (CV) on embedded systems for autonomous Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS, UAV).  · Development of visual tracking algorithms for moving platforms on moving targets.  · Participate in multi-disciplinary development teams.  · Develop software for products using established software development practices and configuration control.  · Support transition of development projects to production.  · Support flight test operations; some travel and weekend work may be required.  · Generating system requirements as well as developing and analyzing the detailed software requirements.  · Develop system level software architecture and create software high level design documents.  · Code, simulate, integrate and validate software.· M.S. or Ph.D. in Math, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Robotics or related discipline.  · 10 + years Software development experience.  · 5+ years experience in real-time / embedded application software developing video tracking systems.  · Basic electronics knowledge and use of lab equipment is required.  · Expertise with OpenCV is required.  · Experience with Matlab, Linux, and i.MX6 is strongly desired.  · Video processing and image tracking expertise is required.  · Strong mathematical and analytical skills are required.  · Control systems expertise is required.  · Experience in software lifecycle development including defining and documenting requirements, object oriented software architecture and design, programming and testing, and source code configuration management.  · Technical knowledge and experience with the following are a plus; Serial communications, Network communications, CAN communication, TCP/IP, UDP, FTP.  · Experience with UAS a plus.  · Windows programming a plus.  · Familiarity with Keil, Visual Studio, and CCS a plus.  · Familiarity with ARM processors a plus.  · Familiarity with SVN configuration management tools a plus.  · Excellent interpersonal and communication (written and verbal) skills. Strong listening, questioning, clarifying and summarizing skills to effectively communicate in one-on-one and small group settings.  · A willingness to travel, on occasion. This position requires you have access to data and technology that is subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). Applicants cannot be hired until they are qualified to have such access. Job Requirements Additional Details AeroVironment is a technology solutions provider that designs, develops, produces and supports an advanced portfolio of Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) and electric transportation solutions. Agencies of the U.S. Department of Defense and allied military services use the company’s electric-powered, hand-launched unmanned aircraft systems extensively to provide situational awareness to tactical operating units through real-time, airborne reconnaissance, surveillance and communication. AeroVironment’s electric transportation solutions include a comprehensive suite of electric vehicle (EV) charging systems, installation and data services for consumers, automakers, utilities and government agencies, power cycling and test systems for EV developers and industrial electric vehicle charging systems for commercial fleets. More information about AeroVironment is available at www.avinc.com.AeroVironment Incorporated is an equal opportunity employer, M/F/D/V and works in compliance with both federal and state laws. We are committed to the concept regarding Equal Employment opportunity. Qualified candidates will be considered for employment regardless of race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, marital status, medical condition nor disability, genetics, veteran and all others that may apply. Amount of Travel Work At Home
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
Company Information Solid reputation, passionate people and endless opportunities. That's Travelers. Our superior financial strength and consistent record of strong operating returns mean security for our customers - and opportunities for our employees. You will find Travelers to be full of energy and a workplace in which you truly can make a difference. Job Summary Technical Knowledge: Knowledge of .NET, SQL, Crystal Reports, Cognos Reports, Auto-Sys and ETL tools is a plus. Knowledge of Frontier or Tririga vendor applications is a plus. Primary Job Duties & Responsibilities Responsible for system programming and analysis tasks of intermediate complexity within a single system or group of small systems.  Responsibilities include performing analysis, design, programming and configuration functions (includes defining technical requirements) with a very high degree of accuracy and speed.  Performs analysis, assessment and resolution for defects and incidents of intermediate complexity and escalates appropriately.  Builds effective relationships with stakeholders.  Utilizes business knowledge to explain technical activities in business terms.  Seeks opportunities to expand technical knowledge and capabilities.  Performs basic project management responsibilities.  Provides technical guidance and mentorship to less experienced employees.  Applies knowledge of current industry trends and techniques to formulate solutions within the context of assigned projects.  Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications High School diploma or equivalent required. 3 years of programming/development experience required. Education, Work Experience & Knowledge Bachelor's degree in a related field preferred. 5 years of programming/development experience preferred. Ability to collaborate with vendors is a must. ETL experience is preferred. PowerShell is a plus. Job Specific & Technical Skills & Competencies Technical Knowledge: Demonstrates advanced programming/configuration/analytical skills to achieve business and or technical requirements. Able to work independently to resolve discrepancies, defects, incidents or problems with understanding of the business and system impacts. Able to identify and exercise appropriate escalation communications. Demonstrates an aptitude for learning and applying new and/or updated programming languages, techniques, and/or software development disciplines. Demonstrates understanding of the supported business systems. Communication Skills: Ability to communicate thoughts/designs/ideas in an unambiguous manner and adjusts communication based on audience. Exhibits active and effective communication skills with team members - including active listening and effective written and verbal communication skills. Effectively contributes and communicates with the immediate team. Business Knowledge & Partnership: Able to clearly and concisely communicate with the business. Demonstrates willingness, cooperation, and concern for business issues. Able to understand assigned business unit and business priorities. Able to coordinate with other technical areas to achieve project/department or division goals. Problem Solving & Decision Making: Able to recognize, analyze, and diagnose business and technical problems, incidents, and defects of advanced complexity. Able to creatively evaluate alternative solutions Able to reuse previously completed processes. Demonstrates the ability to make routine decisions independently and recognizes when escalation is necessary. Team Orientation: Ability to build and foster relationships with team, business, and technical partners to achieve objectives. Practices objectivity and openness to others' views. Able to recognize and support team priorities. Leadership: Exhibits team leadership and collaborates with partners. Planning (Project Management): Able to manage time and competing priorities and provide management with accurate and timely status information. Able to accurately evaluate and estimate tasks. Financial Awareness: Able to understand how the project schedule relates to budget. Environmental/Work Schedules/Other Requires weekend work hours. Requires overnight work hours. Requires holiday work hours (Federal and religious). Requires extended periods (1 or more weeks) of travel as needed. Requires travel up to 5% of time. Physical Requirements Operates standard office equipment. Requires extended periods of computer use. Requires extended periods of sitting. Licensing or Certificates Depends on the specific role but some examples may include: ITIL Remedy Java certification Microsoft certification.net Kanban/Agile/SAFe Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Travelers is an equal opportunity employer.
Account DevelopmentCompany: Safari Ltd® is an American owned, family operated manufacturer and worldwide distributor of educational toys. Our hand-painted figurines have been inspiring children of all ages around the globe for three generations. Our mission is to teach the importance of nature and its conservation through the joy of play. We are the market leader in the industry and have experienced record growth. From our vast collection of classic animals to our imaginative mythical creatures and our Safariology line, we have something to excite even the most grown up children.Position Overview:We are looking for a motivated, enthusiastic person with a passion for toys. Account Development must be organized, independent, articulate and driven. On the phone, at a trade show or through social media, an Account Developer must have a genuine interest in learning about our clients’ needs and applying solutions to grow their business. We would love to meet you if you are fun and resourceful and enjoy a relaxed, independent work environment!With a renovated building and a new, robust software system, Safari Ltd® is giving you all the tools necessary to thrive in a fun-filled, team environment. You will have an opportunity to grow with us and have a voice in the development of your clients, as well as your personal career path. Safari Ltd® will provide ongoing training to help you develop your warm leads and grow your account base. We offer a great work/life balance with a competitive salary and excellent benefits.Other functions the Account Development role entails:Maintain day-to-day contact with clients, building relationships with each through phone and emailPossess working knowledge of all Safari Ltd® products and be able to articulate the benefits of each collectionStudy client needs and develop a long-term growth planCommunicate to customers and advise ways to maximize internal promotionsTravel nationally to trade shows with complete ownership over the entire process from set-up to representing Safari Ltd® in various markets and generating leadsRequirements:Bachelor’s degreeMinimum three years of Sales and/or Marketing experienceStrong communication and presentations skillsMust be self-directed and motivated while also fitting in with a teamProficiency in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint)20% travel required within the United StatesPunctuality and consistent work attendanceMust be able to lift 25 poundsCold-calling, Prospecting skillsHunter MentalitySalesforce or CRM is required
 SEG will provide naval combat system requirements engineering and management expertise in support of missions, system-of-systems, advanced ship, combat system, and combat system integration. General responsibilities will include: Support requirements engineering activities to produce combat system definitions and designs.Contribute to the development of combat system-level requirements, interface definition, and integration options for surface ship combat systems.Conduct engineering analysis and trade studies to identify and recommend warfare systems which satisfy required capabilities for the surface fleet and to analyze technical requirements documentation.Developed documents shall provide proper traceability and decomposition of requirements from higher-level specifications and proper implementation of system-level requirements.Support verifying traceability of requirements, assessing the completeness and correctness of allocated requirements.Maintain requirements and specifications documentation in a requirements management tool.Utilize the Dynamic Object Oriented Requirements Systems (DOORS) requirements management tool, to create and manage modules, attributes, links, and data input, as well as format and export data.Utilize MS Office products to generate and format requirements documentation.Provide support to integrate the requirements and architecture models in the development of a cohesive combat system definition Required SkillsMINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:Security Clearance:Candidates for this position must have a SECRET level security clearance. Interim Secret clearances are acceptable.Education:Accreditation Board of Engineering and Technology (ABET) Accredited Bachelor of Science (BS) Degree from ABET recognized engineering curriculum OR BS Degree in physical science, engineering, or mathematics that includes 24 semester hours in physical science and/or related engineering science such as mechanics, dynamics, properties of materials, and electronics.Experience:Five (5) years of software engineering experience with three (3) years of specialized experience with emphasis in one or more of the following: Combat Systems Cyber SecurityShips Self Defense SystemLittoral Combat Ship (LCS) class frigateAegis Integrated Combat SystemsDDG-1000 Zumwalt class destroyerAegis Ballistic Missile DefenseElement Level (Weapon, Sensor, or Combat Management System) ExperienceAgile software developmentCompany Overview: Systems Engineering Group, Inc. (SEG) is a highly regarded and leading provider of missile systems engineering and analysis. Principal customers include the U.S. Navy, Missile Defense Agency, AEGIS Ballistic Missile Defense Program, and Program Executive Offices for Integrated Warfare Systems and Ships. SEG is headquartered in Columbia, MD and is convenient to routes 32, 29, and 95. SEG is a wholly owned subsidiary of Telephonics Corporation. SEG provides excellent benefits, work environment and outstanding growth opportunities. Benefits: SEG's benefit package include Major Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance. SEG has a generous 401k with company match. In additional to generous vacation leave SEG ofers sick leave benefits.  We are an Affirmative Action / Equal Employment Opportunity Employer (M/F/D/V). All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected characteristic. Reasonable accommodations may include but are not limited to that which may enable individuals with disabilities and special disabled veterans to perform the essential functions of this position.Required Experience  Job Location  Dahlgren, US-VA 
 Overview  Are you a talented software developer who wants to design, develop, and maintain user-centered features and support systems? Work as a front–end developer to create and implement user experiences and innovative front–end design and implementation for applications. Responsibilities:Research and push the state of the art of UX practicesDesign and implement functionality in Esri productsArchitect solutions working in .NET as an expert WPF and C# programmer, writing scalable, reusable, and maintainable codeDesign and develop stable software that includes automated test validationWork closely with other programmers and developers to develop robust software components, integrating the software with other teamsDiagnose and fix software problemsRequirementsStrong UI development background1+ years of experience using C# to create user interfaces for WPF desktop applications1+ years of C/C++ programmingUnderstanding of WPF using MVVM patterns in desktop applicationsStrong passion for detailed, innovative, and empathic design combined with well-rounded design skills (interaction, UI, visual, and motion design)Working knowledge of unit and functional testing methodologiesBachelor’s or master’s in computer science, engineering, or a related field, depending on position levelRecommended Qualifications:Familiarity with CAD and Esri ArcGIS or other web mapping technologiesKnowledge of Agile development methodologies and test-driven development processes#LI-CK1 The Company  Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 SummaryAs a Project Manager in iRobot’s Technology Organization, you will be responsible for guiding teams in the development of innovative new technologies.  This role will include supportive management and oversight of technical projects within the Technology Organization.  Additionally, the Project Manager will be responsible for communication and alignment with key organizations and stakeholders throughout the company to ensure successful project execution and delivery.  Working closely with Technology, Engineering, and Product Management leaders, you will build and leverage a strong understanding of business needs, state of technology maturity and development path, and product development roadmaps across all of iRobot’s product lines. This role will be critical to ensuring iRobot maintains its technology leadership in the consumer robotics industry.  The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of software development best practices, coupled with system thinking and excellent organizational skills. The Project Manager we are looking for will have a demonstrable past track record of success in leading development of products or innovative technologies through well thought-out and transparent delivery plans. This role requires strong organizational and communication skills. Experience working on complex systems, inclusive of electromechanical and software components, ideally robotics, is strongly preferred.Essential Functions/ Job Duties Work closely with Technology Organization Leads to create and track project plans, appropriate to the stage of development, to facilitate timely delivery of new technologies and capabilitiesWork with key company stakeholders, such as in Engineering and Product Management, to advocate for and properly represent technology development timelines, risks, and capabilitiesCoordinate resource planning and task allocations to ensure timely adoption of new technologies into product development programsPresent updates to senior management as appropriate; provide articulate and concise program updates for regular communication across companyQualificationsDegree in engineering field, with software focusExperience with product development processes, with a full understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) principles.Technical leadership or management experience4+ years software development project management experience.Demonstrated experience delivering innovative products or technologiesAbility to manage multiple teams across broad range of technical domainsWorking experience within an Agile environment as developer or project leadSCRUM certification preferredExperience in the robotics industry preferred About UsWe are the leading global consumer robot company, designing and building robots that empower people to do more, both inside and outside of the home. Founded by MIT roboticists who had the vision of making practical robots a reality. To date, we have sold over 20 million robots and globally employ more than 600 of the robot industry’s best and brightest. iRobot is committed to fostering invention, discovery and technological exploration in the pursuit of practical and valuable robot products for the home. iRobot stock trades on the NASDAQ stock market under the ticker symbol IRBT.  iRobot is headquartered in Bedford, Massachusetts, accessible by our corporate shuttle directly from Alewife Station. We also have offices in California, Europe, Japan, China & Hong Kong. Imagine the future you could help us build as a fellow iRoboteer! Check out #LifeAtiRobot and follow us on Instagram: @irobotcareers iRobot is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Cumulus Networks We are looking for a Software Development Engineer who is ready to make a substantial impact with Cumulus Networks. As the leaders in open networking, we believe in completely transforming the industry by enabling a web-scale IT architectural approach that brings efficiency and flexibility to the network. Joining Cumulus Networks means you’ll be a part of a fast-paced and energetic team dedicated to making data center networking better.  If you want to be part of a truly passionate team, if you have incredible development experience, and if you’re looking to make a difference in a big way, then you are in the right place. We have a stellar leadership team, over 1/3 of the Fortune 500 in our customer base and the financial backing of Andreessen Horowitz, Battery Ventures and Sequoia Capital. We are looking for motivated individuals who thrive on great technology, individual initiative and the ability to see the impact of their work on the business. Responsibilities: You will be the second developer on a new product that is expected to be a large revenue driver in the future. You will be on a dynamic team whose broad responsibilities include defining the product and writing code that implements business logic, virtual machine lifecycle management, web front end, web back end, and operations. About You: We are looking for candidates with a strong background in computer science including deep intuitive understanding of object oriented languages (C++, Python, Go) and modern distributed systems. A Little About Us: We’re a startup, built by people who have gone down this road before. Our founding team is comprised of some of the industry’s most renowned technology innovators responsible for some of the most significant advancements in networking. We are action oriented doers and transparent thinkers. We believe in recruiting and retaining the very best people for every function, promoting from within and having no secrets.  We have an intense focus on customer success, openly confront our problems while celebrating our successes, and manage to results not to hours in the office. We believe in a healthy work-life balance; we even encourage dogs in the office for smile support! We offer a competitive compensation package, pre-IPO equity, and comprehensive health benefits for employees and their families.  Because we like to have fun we of course have catered company parties, picnics and happy hours throughout the year. We have excessively fancy espresso machines in every location, catered lunches three times per week, and bountifully stocked kitchens. All of our offices are an open space model that foster an exciting company culture and a pretty cool place for us to have fun and execute our craft.  We are very proud of our ratings and reviews on Glassdoor and honored to be listed as one of 2017's 50 'Best Places to Work', we encourage you to take a peek!  We are a global company. Our corporate headquarters is in Mountain View, CA. We also have offices in Sydney Australia, and North Carolina (RDU).  Check us out @ cumulusnetworks.com  Cumulus Networks is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex or national origin, etc.
About Wheelhouse: Our mission at Wheelhouse is to build the definitive pricing and business intelligence platform that powers the short-term rental market -- an industry projected to grow by another $70 billion in the next two years. To achieve that goal, our team of engineers and data scientists has built a revolutionary platform that ingests and analyzes billions of data points every day to provide accurate pricing recommendations for our users around the world. We are growing rapidly, and as we do, we need to take our platform to the next level. That's where you come in. About You: We are looking for a motivated engineer who will meaningfully contribute to the core technology that powers our company. You will focus on improving the efficiency and reliability of our infrastructure as we scale our data processing pipeline, add new partner integrations, build out new API's and develop new pricing features for our customers.  If you are the right fit for Wheelhouse, you will have experience in some or all of these areas: Large scale distributed system development,Object oriented programming (JVM class languages like Java, Scala, etc.),Scripting languages (Python, Ruby, etc.),API design and RDBMS schema design and query optimization.We currently use Postgres, Redis, R, Ruby/Rails, React, AWS so in depth experience in any of these areas is definitely a plus.What You'll Be DoingOwn end to end development from design to implementation to deploy to supportContribute to our technology stack/infrastructureAPI design for external partnersBe the technical driver of yourself, lots of ownershipTest and maintain operational excellence
 The Software Developer II (Intermediate) contributes to all facets of the development, maintenance, and support of SECURUS systems and applications, with emphasis on support of Accounting, Customer Satisfaction, and Sales applications.  Responsibilities include:  * Design, development, and unit testing of bug fixes and code enhancements  * On-call support for Securus Accounting, Customer Satisfaction, and Sales applications  The Software Developer II follows Senior and Lead Developers, working in teams or independently depending on the complexity of the task.  The Software Developer II will be responsible for tier 2 production support of specific Securus applications. He/she will analyze problem reports, research the code and environment, and work with business and systems support personnel to prepare and deploy solutions. The position will be encouraged to find permanent fixes for recurring problems.  The position will participate in project-based development for supported systems. He/she will assist senior developers in performing analysis of business requirements to develop level of effort estimates and design recommendations. The position will assist with design, coding, unit test, and deployment of project components. At all stages, he/she will provide required technical documentation.  The position requires strong written and verbal communication skills, with the demonstrated ability to work with both technical IT and non-technical business personnel. Duties include: Respond to requests for tier 2 production support of specified systemsAnalyze business requirements and estimate level of effort based on documented requirements and interviews with business ownersDevelop technical requirements and interface specifications in collaboration with senior developersWrite code based on requests from business owners and designs developer in collaboration with senior developersPerform unit testingProvide Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) deliverables, including design and test result documents The candidate must have 2+ years experience developing in the .NET environment using C# and coding SQL stored procedures for MS SQL Server. He/she must be experienced writing JavaScript and web services. Familiarity with ASP, IIS, PHP, SSIS, SSRS, Windows services and XML is helpful.  The candidate must have direct experience with one or more of the software categories to be supported (Accounting, Sales/Customer Relationship Management).  Exposure to Dynamics GP (Great Plains) is a big plus.  The candidate must be self-directed and able to manage daily production support requests with a minimum of supervision. He/should must be comfortable adapting to a rapidly shifting client focus and adept at multitasking.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.

We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: Designs, develops, documents, tests and debugs applications software and systems that contain logical and mathematical solutions  Conducts multidisciplinary research and collaborates with equipment designers and/or hardware engineers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software  Determines computer user needs; analyzes system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques and controls; prepares operating instructions; designs and develops compilers and assemblers, utility programs, and operating systems  Ensures software standards are met  Elicit, derive, and document software and/or system requirements to meet internal or external customer specifications  Define software/and or system architecture, design software modules, and produce associated documentation per corporate or customer standards  Write and test software modules and integrate with other software and/or hardware components ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: Punctuality to work each day and prepared to work scheduled work hours  Other duties as assigned COMPLIANCE RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsible for thoughtful adherence to all SNC Policies, Procedures, and Compliance regulations (internal and external)  Responsible for timely execution of all personnel-related activities such as Time Sheet completion, Performance Evaluations, Salary Reviews, Succession Planning, etc.  Responsible for leadership oversight and for ensuring Department/Team training ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Minimum physical requirements to perform all duties and responsibilities, as defined by management  SNC job descriptions are meant as summarizations only. They do not necessarily reflect all duties and responsibilities of a position EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS REQUIRED: Requires a BS in Related Field.  Experience designing and developing software  Experience in project definition  Ability to rapidly work with minimal supervision on projects involving both small and large teams  Ability to work in a highly collaborative, fast-paced environment  Note: Ability to obtain/maintain a security clearance may be required. LIJW Sierra Nevada Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer  – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran, or any other protected status  pursuant to applicable local, state or federal law, ordinance or regulation.
 Based in California, AeroVironment (AVAV) is a global leader in unmanned aircraft systems, tactical missile systems and electric vehicle charging and test systems. Founded in 1971 by celebrated physicist and engineer, Dr. Paul MacCready, we’ve been at the leading edge of technical innovation for more than 40 years. Be a part of the team that developed the world’s most widely used military drones, pioneered today’s advanced EV charging technologies, created the first submarine-launched reconnaissance drone and has seven innovative vehicles that are part of the Smithsonian Institution’s permanent collection in Washington, DC. Join us today in developing the next generation of solutions from small UAS and tactical missile systems to tomorrow’s electric vehicle charging and test systems that will deliver more actionable intelligence to our customers so they can proceed with certainty – and succeed. Brief DescriptionSr. Software Engineers are responsible for the system level design, development (code and debug), integrating, and testing of software applications.  The work responsibilities include:  · Video Processing Chain for Computer Vision (CV) on embedded systems for autonomous Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS, UAV).  · Development of visual tracking algorithms for moving platforms on moving targets.  · Participate in multi-disciplinary development teams.  · Develop software for products using established software development practices and configuration control.  · Support transition of development projects to production.  · Support flight test operations; some travel and weekend work may be required.  · Generating system requirements as well as developing and analyzing the detailed software requirements.  · Develop system level software architecture and create software high level design documents.  · Code, simulate, integrate and validate software.· M.S. or Ph.D. in Math, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Robotics or related discipline.  · 10 + years Software development experience.  · 5+ years experience in real-time / embedded application software developing video tracking systems.  · Basic electronics knowledge and use of lab equipment is required.  · Expertise with OpenCV is required.  · Experience with Matlab, Linux, and i.MX6 is strongly desired.  · Video processing and image tracking expertise is required.  · Strong mathematical and analytical skills are required.  · Control systems expertise is required.  · Experience in software lifecycle development including defining and documenting requirements, object oriented software architecture and design, programming and testing, and source code configuration management.  · Technical knowledge and experience with the following are a plus; Serial communications, Network communications, CAN communication, TCP/IP, UDP, FTP.  · Experience with UAS a plus.  · Windows programming a plus.  · Familiarity with Keil, Visual Studio, and CCS a plus.  · Familiarity with ARM processors a plus.  · Familiarity with SVN configuration management tools a plus.  · Excellent interpersonal and communication (written and verbal) skills. Strong listening, questioning, clarifying and summarizing skills to effectively communicate in one-on-one and small group settings.  · A willingness to travel, on occasion. This position requires you have access to data and technology that is subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). Applicants cannot be hired until they are qualified to have such access. Job Requirements Additional Details AeroVironment is a technology solutions provider that designs, develops, produces and supports an advanced portfolio of Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) and electric transportation solutions. Agencies of the U.S. Department of Defense and allied military services use the company’s electric-powered, hand-launched unmanned aircraft systems extensively to provide situational awareness to tactical operating units through real-time, airborne reconnaissance, surveillance and communication. AeroVironment’s electric transportation solutions include a comprehensive suite of electric vehicle (EV) charging systems, installation and data services for consumers, automakers, utilities and government agencies, power cycling and test systems for EV developers and industrial electric vehicle charging systems for commercial fleets. More information about AeroVironment is available at www.avinc.com.AeroVironment Incorporated is an equal opportunity employer, M/F/D/V and works in compliance with both federal and state laws. We are committed to the concept regarding Equal Employment opportunity. Qualified candidates will be considered for employment regardless of race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, marital status, medical condition nor disability, genetics, veteran and all others that may apply. Amount of Travel Work At Home
 Why Work at Dell? Endless challenges and rewards. Opportunities on six continents. A team of colleagues fueled by collaboration. All this, and a company deeply committed to integrity and responsibility. Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We cant wait for you to discover this for yourself as a Software Engineer on our Engineering team in Santa Clara Software Engineer needed to work on the cutting edge clustered file system technology in Isilon. Work with a great team of file system specialists and develop the next generation of high performance and highly reliable NAS scale out products. •Responsible for working in the storage space for designing and implementing changes to Isilons clustered file system services, to support existing and new customer use cases. •Responsible for defining, architecting, implementing, and supporting large and complex modules in the core of the File System •Responsible for delivering Design and Functional specifications. •Participate in all phases of the development cycle. •Analyze and improve system performance. •Provide accurate and detailed schedule estimates for development efforts. •Interface with other functional areas such as Support, QA, and Product Management. •Interact with customers to help understand requirements as well as troubleshoot and solve complex problems. •Develop and review unit test procedures and work closely with QA to develop system integration test plans. •Require strong skills in system programming, memory management, multi-core, distributed programming, synchronization, data structures and algorithms. A background in designing scalable, high performance products and knowledge of file systems and storage is a big plus Join us if you are ready to learn, innovate and grow your career with us. Desired Skills: Experience in Linux/FreeBSD/Unix systems programming in C. Understanding of kernel internals, designing, implementing and debugging at Kernel level Experience in File System internals, Data Structures and Algorithms. Techniques to scale algorithms without loss of performance, a plus. Ability to thrive in a fast paced, self-directed environment. Smart, willing to learn quickly and move the project forward. Education and Experience: Typically requires 2+ years of related experience with a Bachelors degree; or an advanced degree without experience; or equivalent experience Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here .
 Cimetrix is an award-winning software company providing both products and services to precision equipment manufacturers serving the semiconductor, photovoltaic, LED and related industries. Our team is one that embraces a balanced work-life and family-friendly environment. If you are passionate about providing innovative solutions, quality products, and dedication to success while maintaining high ethical standards, then read on. We are seeking an experienced Software Engineer to develop and maintain application software that makes manufacturing equipment smarter. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Participate in iterative development process with cross-functional teams (Development, Customer Support, QE, Documentation, and Marketing)Create, document, and maintain application software and Software Developer's kits (SDK) for Cimetrix Products on Windows platform used to solve automation problems in the electronic manufacturing domainProvide technical expertise and support for Support team, as neededParticipate in activities such as collaborative coding, unit testing, and compliance with coding standards to enhance quality of produced softwareGrow by improving skills and learning new ones, developing strengths and talents, and increasing expertiseREQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:Strong fundamental understanding of SOLID object oriented design principlesExcellent design and coding skills using C#/C++ (3.0 or better), .NET (2.0 or better) on Windows 32 and 64 bit OS or equivalentAbility to and dedication to work in a collaborative, team-oriented environmentFast learner and ability to learn new technologies and skills quicklyExcellent written and verbal communications skillsPREFERRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:Good knowledge of WCF, WPF, SQL database, and Web servicesGood knowledge of WiX installers (or equivalent)Good knowledge of automated builds, MSBuild experience preferredGood experience using COM objectsExperience with UI/UXExperience with web design, web applications, and web-based architecturesExperience developing software using revision control software, TFS experience preferredExperience creating automated tests, MSTest experience preferredExperience with SEMI standardsExperience with Agile/Scrum software development methodologiesScrum Master experienceExperience with Cimetrix productsEDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:Bachelors of Science in Computer Science, related engineering degree, or proven industry experience5+ years’ experience developing application software or components for Windows applications to solve industry/business problems in a team development environmentOther Requirements:Some travel is required, less than 10%

 Vice President, Customer Development - TargetJob DescriptionVice President, Customer Development TargetLocation: Minneapolis, MN Customer Development Jobs/Minneapolis, MN Minneapolis, MN jobs at Kimberly Clark SUMMARY OF POSITION: Purvey overall direction of organizational General Management Unit (GMU). Strategically design, direct and coordinate department business and financial operations and projects at top level management, with assistance of subordinate directors and various levels of staff. Devise and implement company and sales policies. Direct overall performance of Customer Development teams to strategically achieve business, financial and departmental objectives. Manage strategic budgeted sales and operating profit results. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:Strategically lead direction of staffing, training, development and management of efficient GMU customer teams to meet U.S. Customer Development volumes, market shares and profit objectives within budgeted selling expenses.Direct departmental GMUs financial budgeting to provide strategic investments for operations and projects. Prepare financial budget proposals for fund endorsements and formulation of projects.Strong precise understanding of marketing place dynamics in class trade customer strategies to provide strong strategic leadership direction to ensure K-C attracts, develops and retains best Talent, and fosters environment which motivates diverse teams. Persuasively influence Talent to fully use capabilities in achieving desired superior business results, and to be recognized as role model leaders by customers.Provides high quality strategic feedback and mentoring to GMU directors and team members.Strategically formulate, direct and implement policies, business plans and organizational objectives and projects; secure sustainable ongoing operations; improve productivity and maximize return-on-investments, volumes, shares, profits and other business financial metrics.Analyze operations to appraise departments business and performance objectives, project and department improvements, feasible cost reductions and potential company cultural changes. Assess reports received from subordinate directors and staff to advise approvals, changes and suggestions.Designate departmental GMU directors, team leaders, managers, business partners and analysts, and assign/distribute responsibilities to them. Influence results by providing superior direction to customer development teams through personal involvement in design, creation and implementation of programs, policies, strategic business plans and developing sustainable relationships with customers, VIP stake holders.Consult and collaborate with company executives, customers, subordinate directors and various levels of staff to coordinate company/departmental projects. Direct and coordinate projects encompassing allocation of resources, financial, personnel staffing and sales of K-C category products with customers, subordinate directors and other GMU staff, along with departmental human resources projects, endorsement of projects and selection of directors or other high-level staff.Negotiate joint business plans, level of investments, return-on-investments, trade and resources with customers, suppliers and distributers General Ability to lead overall sales strategy GMU direction and assess business views strategically.Ability to develop strong sustainable relationships throughout the organization.Ability to adapt and support the organization through times of change.Ability to understand and react to recent Sales strategy trends.Ability to analyze, establish and manage SG&A budget, with financial acumen.Ability to precisely and proficiently conduct business and data analyses with data driven recommendations for improvements and advancements.Ability to clearly communicate orally and in writing to individuals and groups.Ability to precisely communicate innovative business solutions to customers and team leaders.Ability to operate and use telephone, computer/laptop and other technological devices/software programs to communicate with other people.Ability to proficiently use and perform key functions of Microsoft Excel software programAbility to travel via aircrafts, and operate and drive motor vehicles for business travel, with valid driver license.DEPARTMENT SPECIFIC/NON-ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONSINCLUDE BUT NOTLIMITED TO:Reflect and embrace superior leadership to support strategic change, welcome open communication and contribute to prestige relationships. Precisely communicate in prompt timely manner with various levels of GMU team members.Keep team leaders informed on status of plans and programs, changing conditions, requirements of marketplace, competitive activity, issues and accomplishments that may affect sales results.Promptly reconcile and communicate changes and conduct team adjustment to new changes. Adjust to meet requirements of changing conditions/situations. Maintain effectiveness of varying environments with different tasks, responsibilities and people.Render judgments and make timely decisions in alignment with business objectives. Set priorities and proactively identify issues, underlying problems and potential solutions to develop plan of action. Evaluate cause and effect relationships.MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Education required/preferred: Minimum of Bachelors degree required. Minimum of Masters degree preferred. Experience: At least 15 years exempt status experience managing financial budgeting, project and risk, along with experience in direction of business operations, policies and department performance.Proven cost reduction in appraising departmental performance.Strong analytical skills.Financial acumen.Experience with quantitative business analyses. Preferred Experience/Qualifications: Knowledge of supply and demand.Knowledge of Statistics.Proven ability to lead direction of department.Knowledge of Channel and Sales Strategy is a plus.Knowledge of and experience with K-C planning process and ProMAX software is also a plus.Proficient in data access tools and intermediate to advanced PC based applications (Windows, Word, Excel and PowerPoint). Skills/Competencies: Results, strategy and vision orientation, direction and leadership, strong oral and written communication, financial and budget management, persuasion, ethical judgment and decision making, active listening, management of financial resources, change management, analytical, project and risk management Other Skills: Negotiation, cross-functional, business intuition, complex problem solving, building relationships, coordination, prioritization and time management, resources and team management, critical thinking, coaching and adaptabilityORGANIZATIONAL RELATIONSHIPS: Reports to VP U.S. National Accounts SCOPE OF POSITION: Manage overall direction of organizational GMU and other functional business areas. Manage overall performance of Customer Development teams. Application of sales policies and direction of departments financial investments and business operations. Assess potential cost reductions. Serve as mentor with high quality insights and feedback. Direct reports of personnel management may encompass 5-6 direct reports workers and 20 indirect reports. WORKING CONDITIONS: Travel may include up to 15% of the work time. Travel may also include business travels via aircrafts and motor vehicles to various locations. May include prolong periods of sitting, typing, viewing computer/laptop screens, along with occasional bending, reaching, lifting, climbing, twisting, stooping and standing.  Kimberly-Clark and its well-known global brands are an indispensable part of life for people in more than 175 countries. Every day, 1.3 billion people - nearly a quarter of the world's population - trust K-C brands and the solutions they provide to enhance their health, hygiene, and well-being. With brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex, and Depend, Kimberly-Clark holds No.1 or No. 2 share positions in more than 80 countries. With more than 140 years of history of innovation, we believe in recruiting the best people and empowering them do their best work. If fresh thinking and a passion to win inspire you, come Unleash Your Power at Kimberly-Clark.  Kimberly-Clark is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by law. This position is subject to drug and alcohol testing, including pre-employment testing.  The statements above are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this classification. Statements are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities and skills required for this position.  This position may require a post-offer/pre-hire Physical Abilities Test (PAT) to confirm that individuals are able to perform the essential functions of the job.  K-C requires that an employee have authorization to work in the country in which the role is based. In the event an applicant does not have current work authorization, K-C will determine, in its sole discretion, whether to sponsor an individual for work authorization. However, based on immigration requirements, not all roles are suitable for sponsorship. This position is subject to drug and alcohol testing, including pre-employment testing.  *LI-POST  IND111Global VISA and Relocation Specifications:K-C will support in-country relocation for the chosen candidate for the role, including assistance to obtain proper work authorization. The benefits provided will be per the terms of K-Cs applicable mobility policies. The benefits/policy provided will decided in K-Cs sole discretion.Primary LocationUSA-MN-MinneapolisAdditional LocationsWorker TypeEmployeeWorker Sub-TypeRegularTime TypeFull time

We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
Job ID: 37780.NET DeveloperOur client is looking for a .NET Developer to join their team. The position involves coding, testing, building, configuring, migrating, maintaining, and documenting various vendor and in-house applications to provide business solutions using a Relational Database Management System (RDBMS), graphical user interfaces and web services with software tools provided on a Windows platform. This position may also involve interpreting design specifications, coding software, developing and conducting unit tests, documenting and assisting with system installation and deployment procedures, following testing and change management procedures, producing system documentation requirements and working on a development team using a mix of Agile and Waterfall development methodologies. This position is located in Portland, OR.  This position requires confidentiality, professionalism and requires passing a higher level background investigation, for which the selected candidate must qualify to hold or continue to hold the position. .NET Developer Responsibilities With Manager oversight and approval / technical lead oversight, use professional level skills/ knowledge to perform:  Design, write and deploy C# based websites that use Web Services.  Develop web applications using ASP.Net and C#.  Design, develop and conduct automated unit and regression tests.  Design, document, and communicate effective technical solutions meeting end-user requirements.  Work collaboratively with users and IT staff to design streamlined and efficient user interfaces.  Coordinate development efforts with project management, software developers, functional SMEs business analysts and quality analysts during the various phases of the System Lifecycle (SLC).  Stand up, configure and maintain application environments.  Produce robust, efficient, and secure .Net code for applications that interact with end users in high availability environments.  Troubleshoot application and database performance problems.  Productively integrate with an Agile development team.  Analyze, test, and apply changes to the application environment under the prevailing change management procedures and requirements.  Share functional and technical knowledge needed to develop and support systems with others.  With manager oversight and approval, when needed, assume the role and responsibilities of a technical lead, which includes the following:  Review other developers' code and provide technical and constructive feedback where necessary to verify their code that follows company and team coding standards and programming best practices.  Break down technical work into tasks and provide reasonable time estimates to complete them  Communicate status of project development work to project team, users, information system owner and others.  Analyze and interpret system functional and non-functional requirements and propose technical designs that satisfy the requirements that also minimize the long term maintenance of the system. Identify and escalate technical bottlenecks and impediments to the project manager and information system owner (ISO), and ISO delegate.  Produce needed technical documentation.  Clearly communicate technical information to technical and non-technical customers and coworkers.  Meet timelines and milestones, supply deliverables and provide status updates as requested.  Ability to consider and/or develop flexible, extensible, and/or creative methods for application development. .NET Developer Qualifications Bachelor's, Master's and/or Post-Graduate College Degree in Computer/Information Technology or a closely-related field is preferred.  Associates Degree in Computer/Information Technology or a closely-related field is highly desirable.  This is a level 3 position: 7+ years' combination of education, certifications, and/or work experience in Computer/Information Technology or related field is required. NOTE: Equivalent related degrees will only count once. For example: A candidate with two Associate's degrees in different Computer/Information Technology disciplines, will only be given credit for 2 years of experience. Must provide a detailed accounting on the resume to include dates of experience and name/dates of specific coursework and certifications.  Minimum 5+ years of demonstrated applications design & development experience developing secure applications using the .Net framework, C#, JavaScript and Web Services is required. Technical Requirements: Expert knowledge of and skill in the following areas is preferred:  Visual Studio (2015 or greater),  WPF,  Microsoft .Net (3.0 or greater),  C#, JavaScript, CSS and HTML,  Microsoft SQL Server (2012 or greater) and/or Oracle (11g or greater),  T-SQL and/or PL/SQL TFS, SVN or other source control tool Knowledge of the following areas is desirable:  AJAX, Angular, Web API and JQuery.  Telerik .Net UI controls.  MVC 4 or greater.  nUnit or comparable unit testing tool. General Requirements: The developer must be a self-motivated, professional team player with strong interpersonal communication skills, be able to interface with customers to understand their processes and requirements, and be able to translate a set of requirements into computer source code.  Keep abreast of the latest computer industry developments in application development, network, user interface, system software, data acquisition and related computer hardware areas.  Understand and follow established processes and procedures including Change Management, Work Tracking, and Time Management.  Carry out assigned tasks with a professional demeanor reflected in excellent written and oral communication skills, listening skills, patience, analytical reasoning and problem solving abilities.  Communicate technical information verbally and in writing to technical and non-technical users.  Provide a sustainable IT infrastructure by supplying cross training and functional documentation.  Meet timelines, milestones, and deliverables and provide timely status updates.  Communicate technical information verbally and in writing to technical and non-technical users.  Ensure proper identification of self as a contract worker in all communications, correspondence, etc. Benefits Benefits are available to eligible VanderHouwen contractors and include coverage for medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short and long term disability, and matching 401k. About VanderHouwen VanderHouwen is an award-winning, Women-Owned, WBENC certified professional staffing firm. Founded in 1987, VanderHouwen has been successfully placing experienced professionals throughout the Pacific Northwest and nationwide. Our recruitment teams are highly specialized in either Technology and IT, Engineering, or Accounting and Finance career markets. Our recruiters value building meaningful, professional relationships with each candidate as well as developing honed knowledge of companies' staffing needs and workplaces. Partner with us to land your next exciting career.
Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field cant be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. Youll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers lives. Well help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, youll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And youll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life.  Job Summary  Application developers design, build, test and deploy the application and database code that enables the end users to perform specific web based tasks. Application developers maintain the application and develop enhancements that enable a positive end-user experience. They produce applications to satisfy specified business needs.  The Application Developer develops code for intermediate modules, participates in design reviews, conducts code reviews, creates test plans and participates in testing reviews, and resolves basic to moderate defects. The Consultant designs, documents, reviews, and maintains components of software solutions for basic to intermediate projects. Job DescriptionDesign, build, test and deploy web applications that meet project requirements.Obtain data for automation from standard resourcesPartners closely with business analyst, Sr. developers, and manager on all projectsAs necessary, provides documentation outlining application overview and process flow.Evaluate detailed business, functional, and mid-level technical requirements including recovery, security, and compliance.Recognize and understand the use of design patterns at a basic to intermediate level.Identify support issues and initiate action to resolve them.Provide technical assistance relating to developed applications.Create logical data modeling for basic to intermediate application database requirements.Convert logical models into physical data models for basic application databases.Implement basic to intermediate queries, scripts and database jobs.Ensure acceptable use of system resources and application performance.Perform database management with Sr. developer oversight Job Qualifications Education: Certification, Associates or Bachelors degree in Computer Science, MIS, and/or equivalent work experience preferred.1-2 Years of Experience or Recent Universtity or College DegreeKnowledge and experience with SQL serverKnowledge and experience in C# and/or VB.NETWeb design using HTML, CSS and JavaScriptGood Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary but thats just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, youll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy.  Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for thisposition. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.  For jobs in San Francisco, please see the notice regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.  For jobs in Los Angeles, please seethe notice regarding the Los Angeles Ordinance.  It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era. ABC

Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
 Dorsey & Whitney is a trusted legal advisor and valued business partner with locations across the United States, Canada, Europe and Asia. We are a premier legal counselor to companies worldwide in a wide range of industries, including banking, energy, food and agribusiness, health care, mining and natural resources, and public-private project development.  There is a position open for a Senior Software Developer in the Information Services Department in Dorsey’s Minneapolis office. The Senior Software Developer will participate in design, development, customization and support of custom and purchased software applications, and act as a leader among a team of software developers and application specialists in these activities. Duties:Software DevelopmentParticipate in the design, development, testing, and debugging of new software or enhancements to existing software applications (both Web and non-Web based).Participate in instructing, directing, and checking the work of other software developers.Participate on small projects in the role of technical lead.Quality AssurancePlay an integral role in ensuring that all information systems products and services meet minimum organization standards and end-user requirements.Business Process DefinitionParticipate in and sometimes lead the definition for most complex systems process analysis, design, and simulation.Database DevelopmentDesign, implement, and maintain complex databases with respect to SQL, stored procedures, access methods, access time, device allocation, validation checks, organization, protection and security, documentation, and statistical methods.Production SupportAssist with issues with production systems as they arise throughout the day.Provide off hours on-call support as Information Services needs and technologies dictate.Required:8+ years overall IS work history1+ year in a leadership role on a project team8+ years as a development project team member5+ years of experience with Microsoft.NET C# and ASP.Net development5+ years HTML development3+ years application use of SQL2+ years Sharepoint development2+ years database modeling for application development2+ years working with business to gather, define, and document requirements (e.g. business analyst type activity)2+ years defining/performing testing activitiesDesired:Experience with Microsoft classic ASPExperience with Word Object modelExperience working in an IS “Help Desk” role Dorsey & Whitney LLP accepts online applications. Please go to the “Careers” section of the Dorsey website at www.Dorsey.com/staffjobs and complete Dorsey's online application form. We do not accept application materials by mail or email except as a reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled applicants. Individuals who are unable to use our online process due to a disability should call 612-492-5178.  Dorsey offers a competitive pay and benefits package including health care plans, a generous paid time off policy, paid holidays, retirement savings plan, profit sharing contribution, and more.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, affectional preference, disability, age, marital status, familial status, status with regard to public assistance, military or veteran status, or any other legally-protected status. Relocation assistance is available for this position.
 Software Developer  San Francisco  Full Time  Category:  Information Technology  Requisition: 47786BR  Posting Date: 8/16/2017 JOB OVERVIEW The Software Developer will develop web applications, web services, data access layer and backend code, including researching, designing, developing specifications for designing, writing, modifying, testing, debugging, troubleshooting and maintaining source code. Also having direct or related involvement in designing related ...
Come and join our Hydromet Cloud team building not just another boring project but rather an exciting solution that benefits your community, your country and the environment! Our customers place the utmost trust our Hydromet Cloud product for managing live environmental data and water resources leading to critical decisions during flooding and inclement weather. The qualified applicant will have an opportunity to help architect and steer the development of the project and must be a highly motivated individual willing to drive innovation.Description: Software Developer for desktop and cloud solutions within the agile framework. Work with internal and offshore team members using Agile software design best practices and facilitate design and code reviews. Translate functional requirements into design specifications, associated risks and estimated efforts. Hands on development during software sprints for new features and sustaining existing installations.  Database architect, responsible for maintaining and expanding existing relational schema.  Develop and execute comprehensive test plans and produce design proving reports.  Produce comprehensive documentation on design implementation and API interfaces.  Candidate should be an excellent communicator, quick learner and highly motivated and should have the ability to work within a team or individually with minimum supervision. The ideal candidate would assume ownership of on time delivery and the quality of his\her work.REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONSMinimum 5 years' experience with 00P and Java desktop applications.Minimum 5 years developing dynamic web pages and services using JSP, Servelets, JavaBeans, Javascript, CSS and HTML.Minimum 3 years' experience with relational database development, SQL queries and stored procedures. (PostgreSQL preferred)Developing web service APls (REST or SOAP)Apache\Tomcat web serversContinuous Deployment and test automationAgile Software development processDESIRED QUALIFICATIONS::Scripting languages (PHP preferred)Internet communication protocols (TCP/IP, FTP, HTTP SMTP ...etc.)Cloud infrastructure, application development (Azure preferred)Bug tracking and sprint scheduling tools (Jira preferred)Code revision control (Github or svn preferred)Mobile application development on Android and iOS desired.Basic Linux system administration.CRITICAL COMPETENCIES / LEADERSHIP ANCHORS:Thinks through and analyzes complex problems, challenges and drives to root cause. (Charts the Course)Prioritizes effectively, acts with speed and agility. (Charts the Course)Demonstrates deep understanding of customer expectations and end user needs. (Drives Innovation & Growth)Actively participates in cross functional brainstorming sessions. (Drives Innovation & Growth)Consistently drives high quality, on-time results. (Leads through DBS)Builds and maintains good working relationships with peers and supervisors; works collaboratively. (Builds People, Teams & Organizations)Behaves in ways that are aligned with the Danaher Standards of Conduct. (Acts with Integrity)PHYSICAL DEMANDS:The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms. The employee is constantly required to sit, talk and hear; the employee may occasionally squat, turn/twist, or reach. The employee is constantly using hands to: finger, handle, feel or operate objects, and computer keyboards. The employee is occasionally required to walk, stand, climb, balance, stoop, bend, kneel, crouch or crawl, and smell. The employee may occasionally lift, carry, push or pull up to 20 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.WORK ENVIRONMENT:The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.The work environment may consist of an indoor, work or home office environment with good ventilation, adequate lighting and low noise levels and/or subjected to moving mechanical parts, electrical currents, vibrations, fumes, odors, dusts, gases, chemicals, oils, extreme temperatures and work space restrictions while working in the field.Employees may be required to wear proper Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) while working in the field which may include: eye and hearing protection, protective smock, steel toe shoes, gloves, hard hats, or face shields.The duties listed in job descriptions are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the business and requirements of the job change. The purpose of this description is to assist in ADA compliance and is not intended for other purposes such as collective bargaining, or compensation.PRE-EMPLOYMENT TESTING:External hiring into this position is contingent upon the successful completion of a pre-employment drug screen and background check and possible credit history review.
 We believe work is not a place, but rather a thing you do. Our technology revolves around this core philosophy. We are relentlessly committed to helping people work and play from anywhere, on any device. Innovation, creativity and a passion for ever-improving performance drive our company and our people forward. We empower the original mobile device: YOU! Location:RaleighRequisition:R9791 Software Development Manager, Web Applications (Open)Job Posting Title:Software Development Manager, Web ApplicationsJob Description: If you haven't heard, Citrix ShareFile is a fast-evolving cloud-hosted content collaboration service that enables secure digital workflows. ShareFile is used by millions of end users, spread across a diverse range of businesses and geographies. Citrix ShareFile has been recognized as a Leader by both Gartner for Content Collaboration Platforms, and by Forrester for Enterprise File Sync and Share Platforms. Summary A Front-end Manager has several key roles; from people management to project management, as well as continuing to contribute to the code base in the form of product enhancements. You will be responsible for driving Citrix's success through developing both products and team members.  You will own the success of several vital components in delivering on Citrixs vision of collaboration of files and data. As such, you will need scale and mentor the team, bring in new ideas, and make sure everyone is working on the right things that will drive Citrixs success. We are looking for an individual that is Passionate about the success of our products and peopleKnows how to work well with colleagues to foster an open and supportive cultureHas lead engineering projects to successful completionHas a deep understanding of modern front-end technologies This is a fun, dynamic, and fast-paced environment located at our modern office buildings in vibrant downtown Raleigh. If you like to write code, get things done, be challenged with tough high-impact problems, and love to work with smart people, this is the place to be! Minimum Qualifications5+ years of software development experienceDeep knowledge of JavaScript (not just JQuery). Know how to leverage prototypes and closures.Experience with React, Durandal, Angular, Ember, Backbone or a similar JavaScript frameworkWeb application full-stack development including web servicesProficiency in HTML and CSSExperience developing applications for multiple browsersExperience developing testsFamiliarity with agile development patternsStrong foundational knowledge on computer science principlesStrong interpersonal and leadership skills, to drive collaboration and innovationDegree in Computer Science or a related fieldDesired QualificationsProven experience as a manager or technical leadExperience with diverse development platforms and programming / scripting languagesAbout Citrix Citrix is a cloud company that enables secure digital workspaces and mobile workstyles. We create a continuum between work and life by allowing people to work whenever, wherever, and however they choose. Flexibility and collaboration is what were all about. The Perks We offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package, matched with an incredible culture, geared to help you grow and succeed with us.  *LI-MK1 Functional Area:Software DevelopmentAbout us: Citrix is a cloud company that enables mobile workstyles. We create a continuum between work and life by allowing people to work whenever, wherever, and however they choose. Flexibility and collaboration is what were all about. The Perks: We offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package. Youll enjoy our workstyle within an incredible culture. Well give you all the tools you need to succeed so you can grow and develop with us.
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
Job DescriptionThe role: Software Engineer Work Location: Santa Clara, California Business Introduction: With the mission of capturing the biggest market share in the area of cyber security, network security, endpoint security, threat research, malware research, cloud security, we work together for a common goal of shaping the companys future by designing and building the best in class robust and scalable security products for consumer and enterprise customers. As industry top performers, we aim to develop optimized high performance system software solutions with high availability and reliability.  This is where you come in. We are looking for a new team member who defined by his/her unique and innovative skills, style or point of view. You can be an architect, scientist , threat researcher, or a coder as long as you design things that matters. As a job title a typical day might include following:Designing,Implementation, Documentation of features/bug fixesUnit Testing andf manual testing of the features/bug fixesAbility to work in a fast pace environment with speed and agilityYou have: 2+ years experience in C#, .NET web framework  · Strong understanding of object-oriented programming and scalable web services  · Skill for writing reusable libraries  · Familiar with various design and architectural patterns  · Familiarity with Microsoft SQL Server  · Experience with popular web application frameworks, Web Apis and scalability  · Knack for writing clean, readable, and easily maintainable code  · Experience implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests  · Proficient understanding of code versioning tools preferably Accurev Our Mission: To relentlessly protect all that matters through leading edge cyber security, from your workplace to your home and everywhere in between. Our Vision: To enable a world where cyber security is so consistent, reliable and effective that it becomes a trusted foundation in our lives like clean air and water. Our technology enables the world to fully realize the transformative power of the digital age, by protecting all that matters. By doing our job well, we drive limitless innovation, securely. Our Values: We live our values day in and day out, do you think you can live our values with us? If you can, dont think, just connect with us. Together is power. We achieve Excellence with Speed and AgilityWe Play to Win or Dont PlayWe Innovate without FearWe Practice InclusiveCandor and TransparencyWe Put the Customer at the CoreJoin our Talent Community: http://careers.mcafee.com/  McAfee prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status. #LI-JH1Qualifications Do Not Use
Nokia is a global leader in the technologies that connect people and things. With state-of-the-art software, hardware and services for any type of network, Nokia is uniquely positioned to help communication service providers, governments, and large enterprises deliver on the promise of 5G, the Cloud and the Internet of Things.Serving customers in over 100 countries, our research scientists and engineers continue to invent and accelerate new technologies that will increasingly transform the way people and things communicate and connect. Nokia Eden-NET Scrum Teams are seeking talented Python software engineers to join our growing team of cutting-edge software development experts at our Bothell, WA location. You will be responsible for the design, implementation, test, integration and debug of Python based services & applications. You will convert requirements to high quality code in a timely manner while working closely with a team of other highly skilled computer science professionals to deliver top-quality software to the Nokia customer base. This role requires skills and efficiency with following technologies: · Backend: o Python 2.7, Celery, SQLAlchemy, Java EE6 (EJBs, JMS, REST WS) · Frontend: o GWT, jQuery, AngularJS, BootStrap, · Tech stack: o RedHat, Jboss, Tomcat, Postgresql, MySQL, uWSGI  · Good understanding of Object Oriented Methodology and Design  · Development and deployment experience on Linux and Windows platforms  · Strong design, implementation, testing and debug skills Desired · Experience working in Agile development environment Experience using and creating RESTful APIsFamiliarity writing unit and integration testing using Python/JavaProven experience working with relational database systems such as MySQL · Knowing stuff like CleanCode rules, Selenium/Selenide, Maven, Jenkins, Bamboo, OOP, GIT, Stash QualificationsMinimum of 1 year of industry experience developing Python server applications and/or Java GUIBA/BS in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent from four-year accredited college or universityMust be a self-starter and able to demonstrate experience learning new technologies and software engineering practicesAbility to thrive in a fast-paced environmentEffective communication and writing skillsStrong work ethic
 Posted Date: 9/15/2017 Job Category: BSS Position Title: Software Developer Salary Range: DOE Location: West Des Moines, IADesired Skills: Description:  QCI in Des Moines is the largest IT consulting firm based in Iowa. Each year we look to hire talented graduates from Iowa universities to join our team. We are looking for recent graduates to start with us Full-time. Description: Apply technical skills and business acumen to multiple development projects that satisfy client requirements for custom business software, including: .NET development, web application development, analytics, relational database design and programming, business object development, ecommerce. We require that you can demonstrate excellent understanding of object oriented development and design, algorithms, data structures, accounting and business processes and reporting strategies. The ability to learn quickly and excellent critical reasoning skills are required to succeed. We use an Agile-based approach to development requiring excellent work ethic and communication skills.  The person is responsible for the following duties: Develop and document business requirements (10%)Manage project scope (5%)Generate code, primarily in .NET including technical documentation (60%)Design complete business solutions (10%)Create system documentation for business users (10%)Unit and system level application testing (5%) Working at QCI is an excellent opportunity to grow professionally and increase responsibility as technologists and as team leaders. Our client base continues to steadily grow as it has for the last ten years. Our people are challenged each day and benefit from working on a team of highly motivated, intelligent, young professionals. Permanent Job: 4 year Computer Science Bachelor’s Degree  JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, AJAX, CSS,  Knowledge of Agile Software Methodologies  Proficient oral and written communication skills (English)

Job Position: Software Developer  AARKAY TECHNOLOGIES INC. in Fort Mill, SC seeks Software Developer. Analyze, Design, Develop, Test and Support Applications & Systems based on business & end user requirements utilizing knowledge of and exp. with Oracle 10g/11/g, SQL Server, SQL, PL/SQL, JAVA, J2EE, Web Services, SOA, XML, Windows, UNIX, Integration Tools.MS in Computer Science, Engineering or related OR BS (or foreign equivalent) in Computer Science or related plus 5 years of work experience. Must be willing to travel and/or relocate to unanticipated client locations in the US.Resume to: Aarkay Technologies, Inc., Attn: Ramesh Kusuma, 852 Gold Hill Road, Ste. 205 Fort Mill, SC 29708 or ramesh@aarkaytech.com
Job Title: Full-Stack Web Application Developer Location:US External Description:Support.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: SPRT) is a leading provider of tech support and turnkey support center services, producer of SUPERAntiSpyware® anti-malware products, and the maker of Support.com® software. Support.com services and products help leading brands deepen their customer relationships. Customers want technology that works the way it's intended. By using Support.com services and software, companies can deliver a fantastic customer experience, leading to happier customers, greater brand loyalty and growing revenues.  We are looking for a talented and dedicated Full-Stack Web Application Developer to build a world-class software platform for embedding and delivering product support. We are a public company, with mature software products established in the marketplace, rolling out the next generation of products. These products consist of sophisticated web applications, SDKs and Open APIs for embedding modern, data driven customer support capabilities in software products on a wide range of platforms (Win, Mac, Android and iOS, IoT platforms). Why work with usGet in on the ground floor of a new SaaS product offering that is changing the way technology support is built into products, managed and delivered. Our Dev teams utilize the latest web application technologies, write applications that run on or communicate to desktop/laptop, mobile, and 'Internet of Things' devices, and create analytics software that analyze data mined from millions of devices.Use cutting edge cloud technology stack built on Linux, Node.js, AngularJS, Redis, and PostgreSQL. Don't have experience with these? You'll get it here!We love collaborative, agile software development, iterative design and testing. We form tight teams with PM and UX which build rapid prototypes and release frequently. You won't get bored!We encourage learning and integration of new technologies. You think you have a new technology solution you'd like to try? We'd love to hear it.What you will be doingDesign and develop features for our SaaS productDesign and develop integrations with complementary third party systemsDesign and implement unit and functional testingPerform design and code reviewsShare knowledge and learning with the team and contribute to system architecture design decisionsImprove the scalability and security of the systemInterface with QA, UX/product design, and DevOps teamsWhat you need for the job5+ years of experience as a web developer; but, really, we are open to any developer that has the technical prowessSolid understanding of CS fundamentals, object oriented design and web technologiesExperience with Node.js is preferred; significant web development experience with one or more of the following: Ruby, PHP, Python, Asp.Net, MVC, and Java, works as wellExpertise in JavaScript, jQuery, HTML and CSSExperience architecting and consuming API.Substantial knowledge of relational databases (PostgreSQL or MySQL), including use of SQLStrong appreciation for data collection and analyticsExtensive testing experience, both at unit level and system levelBonus points for these!Experience with building Single Page AppsClient side frameworks: AngularJS, React, Backbone, Ember, or similarWebsockets: sockjs, socket.io, or similarNginx configuration and administrationTesting: mocha, karma, mockery, node qunit, httpMock, or similarDevOps: Jenkins, OpenStack, SaltStack, AWSYour benefitsFlexible work environment -- e.g. ability to work from home 1 - 2 days a week!Catered lunches every Friday!Competitive benefits and compensation!Fun atmosphere! Weekly happy hours, activities and team builders!Ability to work with exceptionally creative and talented people! Support.com is an Equal Opportunity EmployerJob Description: 
SYSTEMS PROGRAMMERThis position is: Full Time Position Location: Baton Rouge, LAPosition Overview  The Systems Programmer/Administrator ensures successful completion of company objectives at the infrastructure level. The main focus of the Systems Programmer is to program and configure company based business systems and support computer Virtualization requirements.  Primary Job FunctionsConfigure and program Microsoft SharePoint.Develop .NET C++, C#, Visual Basic, Java, HTML applications.Database and SQL Stored Procedure development.Tests, troubleshoots and provides solutions to technical problems with minimal assistance.Writes computer software and programs as necessary.Modifies and maintains existing and new internal systems.Develops Customer Requirements and Specifications documents.Develops Test Plans and User Documentation for all supported systems.Secondary Job FunctionsSupport customer applications as necessary.Support internal IT requirements such as computer and printer setup / troubleshooting, network configuration, security and user access as required.Requirements:Bachelor's Degree and 3 years of Systems Programming experience (Electrical, Computer Science, Information Systems).Proficient with multiple programming languages such as .Net, C#, Java, HTML, SQL Stored Procedures, and MVC.Valid driver's licenseReliable personal transportation with valid liability insurance.Fluent in verbal and written English.Available for after-hour, weekend and holidays.Available for overnight and extended travel.Ability to bend, stoops, crawl, walk and push, pull and lift 50+lbs for an extended period.
 The Internet Systems Developer position is responsible for the development of large-scale, transaction-based applications designed for conducting e-commerce or for major enhancements to existing software. The position is also responsible for the administration and maintenance of UW Credit Union’s external Internet presence (including its on-line banking application) and internal Intranet system. In addition, this position is responsible for participating in the design of existing or proposed database systems to support e-commerce applications. Finally, this position is responsible for unit and integration testing of code and for using secure coding methodologies. 1) Maintain the organization’s external Internet Web sites and internal intranet system- 30% a. Maintain an efficient user interface that is easy to use and meets service delivery standards for the Internet distribution channel.  b. Communicate with Marketing for product and service announcements and member education materials, Human Resources for employment announcements, the Contact Center to aid in member support, and IT and Network staff regarding system integration and support of our Internet services and systems.  c. Work with other IS team members to create and maintain systems that ensure timely and accurate updates to Internet servers for daily rate changes, Web announcements, intranet enhancements, on-line banking enhancements and other informative changes.  d. Prepare graphics for use on the Internet using industry standard tools.  e. Fix software bugs and make incremental improvements as needed. 2)Develop e-commerce software applications- 30% a. Develop Web sites, Web forms and user interfaces to ensure delivery channel goals are met. This includes development of on-line banking systems to provide a secure and highly available system for our members.  b. Understand and utilize the tools, technologies and techniques for creating an industry leading user experience for Web browser based applications.  c. Provide creative input to management team of emerging Internet technology strategies that would strengthen our service offerings internally and externally.  d. Conduct unit and integration testing for functionality and business requirements.  e. Build and maintain report systems that facilitate the tracking of site usage and business workflows.  f. Prepare technical documentation of systems and processes. 3) Design and maintain database systems to support e-commerce systems and integrate Web applications with other technologies- 20% a. Build data base systems to support e-commerce systems.  b. Use appropriate techniques to securely access databases from Web-based applications.  c. Integrate applications, forms and pages with internal SQL servers, vendor APIs and Web services, e-mail systems and legacy systems. 4) Continuous learning and new technology exploration- 10% a. Become proficient in new Web-based technologies as they develop.  b. Provide education and assistance to others as needed.  c. Maintain a watch on competing financial institution Web sites and ensure that we are providing a superior experience for our members.  d. Be familiar with security concerns related to Internet based technologies and methods to circumvent potential security risks. 5) Perform other divisional duties- 10% a. Provide adequate job cross-training to IS team members to ensure smooth ongoing operations.  b. Work with IS team members to maximize site availability and complete projects in a timely manner.  c. Assist others in the division as appropriate—fostering teamwork and quality of service.  d. Assist in representing the division in UWCU-wide training.  e. Perform other duties as assigned by Director, Vice President or President.  To perform this job successfully, an individual must demonstrate regular, predictable attendance and be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The individual must be able to successfully pass background checks.  - Associate’s degree required with a strong preference of a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or a related field.  - Minimum of 2 years direct experience working on a public or commercial website (familiarity with the financial services industry is preferred).  - Experience in Web/HTML development and e-Commerce Web site management.  - Knowledge of major Web browsers and the capabilities and limitations of each.  - Knowledge of Microsoft ASP.NET and C#, JavaScript and AJAX, HTML, CSS, XML, SQL and SQL Server, ASP, IIS, Windows server, Visual Basic.  - Expertise in research, analysis, problem solving, design and delivery of Web-based solutions.  - Talent and passion for technology, automation, and process improvement.  - Knowledge of current and emerging Web development tools.

 Requisition Number 18-0003 Post Date 1/22/2018 Title Software Developer City Rock Island State IL Description Organizational Overview: Royal Neighbors is not an ordinary insurance firm. Since 1895, we have held true to our mission to support women and those they care about by offering opportunities that other companies don’t. Our members receive competitive coverage, member benefits such  as scholarships, disaster aid, health discounts, and the opportunity to volunteer and give back to their communities.  Employment with a Difference is what you will have as a Royal Neighbors of America employee. At Royal Neighbors of America, our culture and values define who we are. With over a century of proud history working to empower the lives of women and their families,  we share basic beliefs and attitudes that enable our employees to thrive in a high-quality and rewarding work environment.  Royal Neighbors of America is searching for a Software Developer to develop windows applications and enhance existing systems according to technical specifications and requirements. Your experience using your skills in Microsoft SQL, Microsoft.net,  C#.net, modeling relational databases, writing TSQL queries, and creating stored procedures will contribute to a successful and rewarding career. Essential Duties and Responsibilities:Regularly participate in and/or occasionally provide technical leadership (via Tech Lead role) for the development of various software applications and integration projects.Provide design creation or input for application and integration solutions. This includes ownership of certain documented deliverables as part of the standard software development methodology.Translate business requirements and technical design into functional code objects and packages to be delivered to testing and deployment teams.Author and maintain documentation that describes or visualizes system processes, data structures, or coding logic.Estimation of development tasks and efforts; timely completion of assigned service and project tasks.Definition and execution of unit testing of code objects and packages to ensure high quality of delivery.Provide service as an advisor to Tier II resources, as well as completing tickets escalated to Tier III.Responsible for continuous development of business and technical acumen.Available outside regular working hours to assist in resolving production or implementation problems.Other duties as assigned.Supervisory Responsibilities: This job has no supervisory responsibilities. Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable  individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience: Bachelor’s degree, five to seven years related experience and/or training, or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Entry, Basic, Mid -level Life Office Management Association (LOMA) courses will be required upon acceptance of position. Certificates, Licenses, Designations, Registrations: LOMA Level 1 certificate required. Microsoft Certification and Associate, Life Management Institute (ALMI) is preferred. Core Competencies: Communicates Clearly and Effectively, Knows the Job, Achieves Results, Builds Partnerships, Adapts to and Promotes Change, Makes Decisions. Technical Competencies:Develop intermediate software applications and web services using the Micrsoft.NET programming languages, common web data interchange protocols, or the COBOL.NET programming language.Design and develop complex database schemas and objects in Microsoft SQL in order to support third-party and custom in-house software systems.Ability to document conceptual and logical designs for application systems and data integration interfaces.Debug and troubleshoot application and data incidents affecting third-party and custom in-house software systems and integration interfaces.Analyze and profile application data to support business understanding of how currently installed application systems work to support business processes.  Computer Skills: Thorough knowledge of, and/or 5-7 years direct experience with, the following:Microsoft ASP .NET, C#.NET, Java, Java script, TFS, MS SQL Reporting Services, and COBOL.NET.Intermediate command over object oriented principles, fundamentals of relational databases and data access interfaces is expected.Must be comfortable with modeling relational databases, writing TSQL queries and creating Stored Procedures.Fundamental understanding of multi-tiered software design and modular development is expected.Ability to create intuitive interfaces.Knowledge of software development best practices and a drive to stay current with contemporary technologies is essential.  Mathematical Skills: Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations. Industry Competencies: General insurance industry knowledge. Language Skills: Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, and technical procedures. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions  from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public. Reasoning Ability: Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables. Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential  functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to walk and sit. The employee is frequently required to stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee must regularly lift and  /or move up to 5 pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential  functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Benefits: Royal Neighbors offers a competitive benefits package including an annual employee bonus, medical, dental, vision, health savings account with annual employer contribution up to $1,000, excellent 401K plan with up to 9% employer contribution and immediate  vesting, short and long term disability, company paid term life insurance, 11 paid holidays, generous PTO program, education assistance with reimbursement up to 100%, company paid insurance and related courses for life insurance designation, insurance products  discount, and much, much more.  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.
 Summary  Do you have a passion for robotics? Do you want to code the future of one of the largest consumer robots company in the world? You will have a hand in developing the next generation of products that will live in millions of homes all across the world. As a pioneer in the robot industry, our goal is to drive innovation, serve as an industry catalyst and change the world by empowering people to do more.  To support and encourage the development of robot technology, iRobot offers comprehensive resources for third-party developers, providing information and products that facilitate the creation and easy integration of new payloads, behaviors and capabilities on iRobot platforms.  Essential Functions/ Job Duties  Our SW Engineering Team is rapidly growing and we're looking for an exceptional Software Engineer to join our team. Key personality attributes should include: great interpersonal skills, passion, energy, and the desire to build. As part of SW Product Development Team, you will: Work on the next generation Roomba, focused on the Robot ApplicationDevelop robotic software packages for mission state machines, path planning, and robot behaviorsIntegrate software on multiple robotic platformsDesign, implement, and document software to run on linux and embedded platformsLead and mentor other software engineersWork in an Agile environmentBe passionate about RoboticsQualificationsExpertise in writing C/C++ applications for Linux or embedded systemsSolid understanding of design patterns, data structures and advanced programming techniquesExperience with real-time and multi-threaded systemsExperience with finite state machine design and implementationExperience with path planning, AI algorithms, navigation algorithms, or robot behavior systemsExperience with version control systems such as git or svnStrong analytical skills and a desire to learn as well as teach othersM.S in Computer Science or other technical or scientific field About Us  We are the leading global consumer robot company, designing and building robots that empower people to do more, both inside and outside of the home. Founded by MIT roboticists who had the vision of making practical robots a reality. To date, we have sold over 20 million robots and globally employ more than 600 of the robot industry’s best and brightest. iRobot is committed to fostering invention, discovery and technological exploration in the pursuit of practical and valuable robot products for the home. iRobot stock trades on the NASDAQ stock market under the ticker symbol IRBT.  iRobot is headquartered in Bedford, Massachusetts, accessible by our corporate shuttle directly from Alewife Station. We also have offices in California, Europe, Japan, China & Hong Kong. Imagine the future you could help us build as a fellow iRoboteer! Check out #LifeAtiRobot and follow us on Instagram: @irobotcareers  iRobot is an Equal Opportunity Employer
 If you love programming and want to become the best and most importantly at least spend 4 hours a week independently reading, learning and then incorporating new concepts routinely in your skillset then continue reading. Otherwise this will not be a good fit and lets not waste time.We are looking for a developer who believes in designing proper software by writing and clarifying design first and not hurrying into writing code. Therefore should not be afraid to write code descriptions and draw screens on paper first – (you will be doing more of this than writing code in this position.) The candidate should be anal about efficient code and how well code is written (style and standards) and should have strong fundamentals in software development.  The candidate should have a degree or/and relevant certifications from a reputable institute with 2-8 years experience. He/She should be able to work independently and deliver results on schedule. He/She should have team skills to collaborate and lead, and share knowledge with others.  The candidate shall have a demonstrable past record of successful project completion (with project examples and references for each project) and must not have switched jobs every 2 years or less. The candidate should be interested for a long term stable career to grow with our company.  We offer competitive salary, bonuses for exceptional performance, opportunity to travel and work flex hours and a great team environment that works with cutting edge futuristic technologies such as UWP, .NetCore, HoloLens etc. Skills needed for this position: Good knowledge of C#, XAML, Linq, SQL.  Knowledge of ASP.NET, Xamarin, GIS, Mobile development will be a bonus.  Good understanding of Software frameworks such as MVC and MVVM with be expected.  We work primarily in Microsoft UWP and MVC environment. Therefore past experience with WPF, WebAPI, MVC will be required. Expert knowledge of Microsoft development tools is expected. Successfully completed projects in UWP, WPF or Xamarin will get bonus consideration.  PS: If you have never worked with XAML, don’t know what UWP or WPF is, this position will not be a fit.  We will conduct technical testing both written and oral before hiring.  Salary: Negotiable  Role: Software Developer  Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time  This position is for candidates residing in US or those willing to work at US office timings remotely.
Overview For over 25 years, Epic Games has been making award winning games and game engine technology that empowers others to make visually stunning games and 3D content that brings environments to life like never before. Epic’s award-winning Unreal Engine technology not only provides game developers the ability to build high-fidelity, interactive experiences for PC, console, mobile, and VR, it is also a tool being embraced by content creators across a variety of industries such as media and entertainment, automotive, and architectural design. As we continue to build our Engine technology and develop remarkable games, we strive to build teams of world-class talent.  Epic Games is searching for a Lead Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET). The person in this role will be an integral part of our online team, advocating for quality and efficiency in all of our testing practices. If you are passionate about improving test coverage and want to assist in raising Epic's Technical QA bar. The person in this role will be responsible for the following:Lead automation efforts across Epic’s Online teamIncrease the quality bar and test coverage of Epic’s online servicesEffectively reuse existing automation or tools, and create both when neededCreate and maintain automated functionality tests for multiple servicesWrite and execute load tests on the scale of many thousands of concurrent usersWork independently across multiple teams, products and services to deliver automationAssist in the review of test plans and automated cases from junior membersProactively communicate with development team during the development cycle and participate in design and documentation of new featuresThe ideal candidate will have a mix of the qualifications below:5+ years writing test automation using Java, C# or other object oriented languageRESTful Web service testing experienceExperience with Continuous Integration systems such as TeamCity or JenkinsStrong understanding of modern test methodologies such as fakes, mocks, and dependency injectionExperience working in an agile development environmentExperience with deployment tool chain a plus (AWS, Docker, Ansible)Experience load testing complex systems with off-the-shelf software such as Gatling or Artillery Please submit your resume and we’ll be in touch soon.  This is going to be Epic!  #LI2


Job ID: 37780.NET DeveloperOur client is looking for a .NET Developer to join their team. The position involves coding, testing, building, configuring, migrating, maintaining, and documenting various vendor and in-house applications to provide business solutions using a Relational Database Management System (RDBMS), graphical user interfaces and web services with software tools provided on a Windows platform. This position may also involve interpreting design specifications, coding software, developing and conducting unit tests, documenting and assisting with system installation and deployment procedures, following testing and change management procedures, producing system documentation requirements and working on a development team using a mix of Agile and Waterfall development methodologies. This position is located in Portland, OR.  This position requires confidentiality, professionalism and requires passing a higher level background investigation, for which the selected candidate must qualify to hold or continue to hold the position. .NET Developer Responsibilities With Manager oversight and approval / technical lead oversight, use professional level skills/ knowledge to perform:  Design, write and deploy C# based websites that use Web Services.  Develop web applications using ASP.Net and C#.  Design, develop and conduct automated unit and regression tests.  Design, document, and communicate effective technical solutions meeting end-user requirements.  Work collaboratively with users and IT staff to design streamlined and efficient user interfaces.  Coordinate development efforts with project management, software developers, functional SMEs business analysts and quality analysts during the various phases of the System Lifecycle (SLC).  Stand up, configure and maintain application environments.  Produce robust, efficient, and secure .Net code for applications that interact with end users in high availability environments.  Troubleshoot application and database performance problems.  Productively integrate with an Agile development team.  Analyze, test, and apply changes to the application environment under the prevailing change management procedures and requirements.  Share functional and technical knowledge needed to develop and support systems with others.  With manager oversight and approval, when needed, assume the role and responsibilities of a technical lead, which includes the following:  Review other developers' code and provide technical and constructive feedback where necessary to verify their code that follows company and team coding standards and programming best practices.  Break down technical work into tasks and provide reasonable time estimates to complete them  Communicate status of project development work to project team, users, information system owner and others.  Analyze and interpret system functional and non-functional requirements and propose technical designs that satisfy the requirements that also minimize the long term maintenance of the system. Identify and escalate technical bottlenecks and impediments to the project manager and information system owner (ISO), and ISO delegate.  Produce needed technical documentation.  Clearly communicate technical information to technical and non-technical customers and coworkers.  Meet timelines and milestones, supply deliverables and provide status updates as requested.  Ability to consider and/or develop flexible, extensible, and/or creative methods for application development. .NET Developer Qualifications Bachelor's, Master's and/or Post-Graduate College Degree in Computer/Information Technology or a closely-related field is preferred.  Associates Degree in Computer/Information Technology or a closely-related field is highly desirable.  This is a level 3 position: 7+ years' combination of education, certifications, and/or work experience in Computer/Information Technology or related field is required. NOTE: Equivalent related degrees will only count once. For example: A candidate with two Associate's degrees in different Computer/Information Technology disciplines, will only be given credit for 2 years of experience. Must provide a detailed accounting on the resume to include dates of experience and name/dates of specific coursework and certifications.  Minimum 5+ years of demonstrated applications design & development experience developing secure applications using the .Net framework, C#, JavaScript and Web Services is required. Technical Requirements: Expert knowledge of and skill in the following areas is preferred:  Visual Studio (2015 or greater),  WPF,  Microsoft .Net (3.0 or greater),  C#, JavaScript, CSS and HTML,  Microsoft SQL Server (2012 or greater) and/or Oracle (11g or greater),  T-SQL and/or PL/SQL TFS, SVN or other source control tool Knowledge of the following areas is desirable:  AJAX, Angular, Web API and JQuery.  Telerik .Net UI controls.  MVC 4 or greater.  nUnit or comparable unit testing tool. General Requirements: The developer must be a self-motivated, professional team player with strong interpersonal communication skills, be able to interface with customers to understand their processes and requirements, and be able to translate a set of requirements into computer source code.  Keep abreast of the latest computer industry developments in application development, network, user interface, system software, data acquisition and related computer hardware areas.  Understand and follow established processes and procedures including Change Management, Work Tracking, and Time Management.  Carry out assigned tasks with a professional demeanor reflected in excellent written and oral communication skills, listening skills, patience, analytical reasoning and problem solving abilities.  Communicate technical information verbally and in writing to technical and non-technical users.  Provide a sustainable IT infrastructure by supplying cross training and functional documentation.  Meet timelines, milestones, and deliverables and provide timely status updates.  Communicate technical information verbally and in writing to technical and non-technical users.  Ensure proper identification of self as a contract worker in all communications, correspondence, etc. Benefits Benefits are available to eligible VanderHouwen contractors and include coverage for medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short and long term disability, and matching 401k. About VanderHouwen VanderHouwen is an award-winning, Women-Owned, WBENC certified professional staffing firm. Founded in 1987, VanderHouwen has been successfully placing experienced professionals throughout the Pacific Northwest and nationwide. Our recruitment teams are highly specialized in either Technology and IT, Engineering, or Accounting and Finance career markets. Our recruiters value building meaningful, professional relationships with each candidate as well as developing honed knowledge of companies' staffing needs and workplaces. Partner with us to land your next exciting career.

 Dorsey & Whitney is a trusted legal advisor and valued business partner with locations across the United States, Canada, Europe and Asia. We are a premier legal counselor to companies worldwide in a wide range of industries, including banking, energy, food and agribusiness, health care, mining and natural resources, and public-private project development.  There is a position open for a Senior Software Developer in the Information Services Department in Dorsey’s Minneapolis office. The Senior Software Developer will participate in design, development, customization and support of custom and purchased software applications, and act as a leader among a team of software developers and application specialists in these activities. Duties:Software DevelopmentParticipate in the design, development, testing, and debugging of new software or enhancements to existing software applications (both Web and non-Web based).Participate in instructing, directing, and checking the work of other software developers.Participate on small projects in the role of technical lead.Quality AssurancePlay an integral role in ensuring that all information systems products and services meet minimum organization standards and end-user requirements.Business Process DefinitionParticipate in and sometimes lead the definition for most complex systems process analysis, design, and simulation.Database DevelopmentDesign, implement, and maintain complex databases with respect to SQL, stored procedures, access methods, access time, device allocation, validation checks, organization, protection and security, documentation, and statistical methods.Production SupportAssist with issues with production systems as they arise throughout the day.Provide off hours on-call support as Information Services needs and technologies dictate.Required:8+ years overall IS work history1+ year in a leadership role on a project team8+ years as a development project team member5+ years of experience with Microsoft.NET C# and ASP.Net development5+ years HTML development3+ years application use of SQL2+ years Sharepoint development2+ years database modeling for application development2+ years working with business to gather, define, and document requirements (e.g. business analyst type activity)2+ years defining/performing testing activitiesDesired:Experience with Microsoft classic ASPExperience with Word Object modelExperience working in an IS “Help Desk” role Dorsey & Whitney LLP accepts online applications. Please go to the “Careers” section of the Dorsey website at www.Dorsey.com/staffjobs and complete Dorsey's online application form. We do not accept application materials by mail or email except as a reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled applicants. Individuals who are unable to use our online process due to a disability should call 612-492-5178.  Dorsey offers a competitive pay and benefits package including health care plans, a generous paid time off policy, paid holidays, retirement savings plan, profit sharing contribution, and more.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, affectional preference, disability, age, marital status, familial status, status with regard to public assistance, military or veteran status, or any other legally-protected status. Relocation assistance is available for this position.
Come and join our Hydromet Cloud team building not just another boring project but rather an exciting solution that benefits your community, your country and the environment! Our customers place the utmost trust our Hydromet Cloud product for managing live environmental data and water resources leading to critical decisions during flooding and inclement weather. The qualified applicant will have an opportunity to help architect and steer the development of the project and must be a highly motivated individual willing to drive innovation.Description: Software Developer for desktop and cloud solutions within the agile framework. Work with internal and offshore team members using Agile software design best practices and facilitate design and code reviews. Translate functional requirements into design specifications, associated risks and estimated efforts. Hands on development during software sprints for new features and sustaining existing installations.  Database architect, responsible for maintaining and expanding existing relational schema.  Develop and execute comprehensive test plans and produce design proving reports.  Produce comprehensive documentation on design implementation and API interfaces.  Candidate should be an excellent communicator, quick learner and highly motivated and should have the ability to work within a team or individually with minimum supervision. The ideal candidate would assume ownership of on time delivery and the quality of his\her work.REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONSMinimum 5 years' experience with 00P and Java desktop applications.Minimum 5 years developing dynamic web pages and services using JSP, Servelets, JavaBeans, Javascript, CSS and HTML.Minimum 3 years' experience with relational database development, SQL queries and stored procedures. (PostgreSQL preferred)Developing web service APls (REST or SOAP)Apache\Tomcat web serversContinuous Deployment and test automationAgile Software development processDESIRED QUALIFICATIONS::Scripting languages (PHP preferred)Internet communication protocols (TCP/IP, FTP, HTTP SMTP ...etc.)Cloud infrastructure, application development (Azure preferred)Bug tracking and sprint scheduling tools (Jira preferred)Code revision control (Github or svn preferred)Mobile application development on Android and iOS desired.Basic Linux system administration.CRITICAL COMPETENCIES / LEADERSHIP ANCHORS:Thinks through and analyzes complex problems, challenges and drives to root cause. (Charts the Course)Prioritizes effectively, acts with speed and agility. (Charts the Course)Demonstrates deep understanding of customer expectations and end user needs. (Drives Innovation & Growth)Actively participates in cross functional brainstorming sessions. (Drives Innovation & Growth)Consistently drives high quality, on-time results. (Leads through DBS)Builds and maintains good working relationships with peers and supervisors; works collaboratively. (Builds People, Teams & Organizations)Behaves in ways that are aligned with the Danaher Standards of Conduct. (Acts with Integrity)PHYSICAL DEMANDS:The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms. The employee is constantly required to sit, talk and hear; the employee may occasionally squat, turn/twist, or reach. The employee is constantly using hands to: finger, handle, feel or operate objects, and computer keyboards. The employee is occasionally required to walk, stand, climb, balance, stoop, bend, kneel, crouch or crawl, and smell. The employee may occasionally lift, carry, push or pull up to 20 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.WORK ENVIRONMENT:The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.The work environment may consist of an indoor, work or home office environment with good ventilation, adequate lighting and low noise levels and/or subjected to moving mechanical parts, electrical currents, vibrations, fumes, odors, dusts, gases, chemicals, oils, extreme temperatures and work space restrictions while working in the field.Employees may be required to wear proper Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) while working in the field which may include: eye and hearing protection, protective smock, steel toe shoes, gloves, hard hats, or face shields.The duties listed in job descriptions are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the business and requirements of the job change. The purpose of this description is to assist in ADA compliance and is not intended for other purposes such as collective bargaining, or compensation.PRE-EMPLOYMENT TESTING:External hiring into this position is contingent upon the successful completion of a pre-employment drug screen and background check and possible credit history review.
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
Nokia is a global leader in the technologies that connect people and things. With state-of-the-art software, hardware and services for any type of network, Nokia is uniquely positioned to help communication service providers, governments, and large enterprises deliver on the promise of 5G, the Cloud and the Internet of Things.Serving customers in over 100 countries, our research scientists and engineers continue to invent and accelerate new technologies that will increasingly transform the way people and things communicate and connect. Nokia Eden-NET Scrum Teams are seeking talented Python software engineers to join our growing team of cutting-edge software development experts at our Bothell, WA location. You will be responsible for the design, implementation, test, integration and debug of Python based services & applications. You will convert requirements to high quality code in a timely manner while working closely with a team of other highly skilled computer science professionals to deliver top-quality software to the Nokia customer base. This role requires skills and efficiency with following technologies: · Backend: o Python 2.7, Celery, SQLAlchemy, Java EE6 (EJBs, JMS, REST WS) · Frontend: o GWT, jQuery, AngularJS, BootStrap, · Tech stack: o RedHat, Jboss, Tomcat, Postgresql, MySQL, uWSGI  · Good understanding of Object Oriented Methodology and Design  · Development and deployment experience on Linux and Windows platforms  · Strong design, implementation, testing and debug skills Desired · Experience working in Agile development environment Experience using and creating RESTful APIsFamiliarity writing unit and integration testing using Python/JavaProven experience working with relational database systems such as MySQL · Knowing stuff like CleanCode rules, Selenium/Selenide, Maven, Jenkins, Bamboo, OOP, GIT, Stash QualificationsMinimum of 1 year of industry experience developing Python server applications and/or Java GUIBA/BS in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent from four-year accredited college or universityMust be a self-starter and able to demonstrate experience learning new technologies and software engineering practicesAbility to thrive in a fast-paced environmentEffective communication and writing skillsStrong work ethic

Job Title: Full-Stack Web Application Developer Location:US External Description:Support.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: SPRT) is a leading provider of tech support and turnkey support center services, producer of SUPERAntiSpyware® anti-malware products, and the maker of Support.com® software. Support.com services and products help leading brands deepen their customer relationships. Customers want technology that works the way it's intended. By using Support.com services and software, companies can deliver a fantastic customer experience, leading to happier customers, greater brand loyalty and growing revenues.  We are looking for a talented and dedicated Full-Stack Web Application Developer to build a world-class software platform for embedding and delivering product support. We are a public company, with mature software products established in the marketplace, rolling out the next generation of products. These products consist of sophisticated web applications, SDKs and Open APIs for embedding modern, data driven customer support capabilities in software products on a wide range of platforms (Win, Mac, Android and iOS, IoT platforms). Why work with usGet in on the ground floor of a new SaaS product offering that is changing the way technology support is built into products, managed and delivered. Our Dev teams utilize the latest web application technologies, write applications that run on or communicate to desktop/laptop, mobile, and 'Internet of Things' devices, and create analytics software that analyze data mined from millions of devices.Use cutting edge cloud technology stack built on Linux, Node.js, AngularJS, Redis, and PostgreSQL. Don't have experience with these? You'll get it here!We love collaborative, agile software development, iterative design and testing. We form tight teams with PM and UX which build rapid prototypes and release frequently. You won't get bored!We encourage learning and integration of new technologies. You think you have a new technology solution you'd like to try? We'd love to hear it.What you will be doingDesign and develop features for our SaaS productDesign and develop integrations with complementary third party systemsDesign and implement unit and functional testingPerform design and code reviewsShare knowledge and learning with the team and contribute to system architecture design decisionsImprove the scalability and security of the systemInterface with QA, UX/product design, and DevOps teamsWhat you need for the job5+ years of experience as a web developer; but, really, we are open to any developer that has the technical prowessSolid understanding of CS fundamentals, object oriented design and web technologiesExperience with Node.js is preferred; significant web development experience with one or more of the following: Ruby, PHP, Python, Asp.Net, MVC, and Java, works as wellExpertise in JavaScript, jQuery, HTML and CSSExperience architecting and consuming API.Substantial knowledge of relational databases (PostgreSQL or MySQL), including use of SQLStrong appreciation for data collection and analyticsExtensive testing experience, both at unit level and system levelBonus points for these!Experience with building Single Page AppsClient side frameworks: AngularJS, React, Backbone, Ember, or similarWebsockets: sockjs, socket.io, or similarNginx configuration and administrationTesting: mocha, karma, mockery, node qunit, httpMock, or similarDevOps: Jenkins, OpenStack, SaltStack, AWSYour benefitsFlexible work environment -- e.g. ability to work from home 1 - 2 days a week!Catered lunches every Friday!Competitive benefits and compensation!Fun atmosphere! Weekly happy hours, activities and team builders!Ability to work with exceptionally creative and talented people! Support.com is an Equal Opportunity EmployerJob Description: 
SYSTEMS PROGRAMMERThis position is: Full Time Position Location: Baton Rouge, LAPosition Overview  The Systems Programmer/Administrator ensures successful completion of company objectives at the infrastructure level. The main focus of the Systems Programmer is to program and configure company based business systems and support computer Virtualization requirements.  Primary Job FunctionsConfigure and program Microsoft SharePoint.Develop .NET C++, C#, Visual Basic, Java, HTML applications.Database and SQL Stored Procedure development.Tests, troubleshoots and provides solutions to technical problems with minimal assistance.Writes computer software and programs as necessary.Modifies and maintains existing and new internal systems.Develops Customer Requirements and Specifications documents.Develops Test Plans and User Documentation for all supported systems.Secondary Job FunctionsSupport customer applications as necessary.Support internal IT requirements such as computer and printer setup / troubleshooting, network configuration, security and user access as required.Requirements:Bachelor's Degree and 3 years of Systems Programming experience (Electrical, Computer Science, Information Systems).Proficient with multiple programming languages such as .Net, C#, Java, HTML, SQL Stored Procedures, and MVC.Valid driver's licenseReliable personal transportation with valid liability insurance.Fluent in verbal and written English.Available for after-hour, weekend and holidays.Available for overnight and extended travel.Ability to bend, stoops, crawl, walk and push, pull and lift 50+lbs for an extended period.

 Summary  Do you have a passion for robotics? Do you want to code the future of one of the largest consumer robots company in the world? You will have a hand in developing the next generation of products that will live in millions of homes all across the world. As a pioneer in the robot industry, our goal is to drive innovation, serve as an industry catalyst and change the world by empowering people to do more.  To support and encourage the development of robot technology, iRobot offers comprehensive resources for third-party developers, providing information and products that facilitate the creation and easy integration of new payloads, behaviors and capabilities on iRobot platforms.  Essential Functions/ Job Duties  Our SW Engineering Team is rapidly growing and we're looking for an exceptional Software Engineer to join our team. Key personality attributes should include: great interpersonal skills, passion, energy, and the desire to build. As part of SW Product Development Team, you will: Work on the next generation Roomba, focused on the Robot ApplicationDevelop robotic software packages for mission state machines, path planning, and robot behaviorsIntegrate software on multiple robotic platformsDesign, implement, and document software to run on linux and embedded platformsLead and mentor other software engineersWork in an Agile environmentBe passionate about RoboticsQualificationsExpertise in writing C/C++ applications for Linux or embedded systemsSolid understanding of design patterns, data structures and advanced programming techniquesExperience with real-time and multi-threaded systemsExperience with finite state machine design and implementationExperience with path planning, AI algorithms, navigation algorithms, or robot behavior systemsExperience with version control systems such as git or svnStrong analytical skills and a desire to learn as well as teach othersM.S in Computer Science or other technical or scientific field About Us  We are the leading global consumer robot company, designing and building robots that empower people to do more, both inside and outside of the home. Founded by MIT roboticists who had the vision of making practical robots a reality. To date, we have sold over 20 million robots and globally employ more than 600 of the robot industry’s best and brightest. iRobot is committed to fostering invention, discovery and technological exploration in the pursuit of practical and valuable robot products for the home. iRobot stock trades on the NASDAQ stock market under the ticker symbol IRBT.  iRobot is headquartered in Bedford, Massachusetts, accessible by our corporate shuttle directly from Alewife Station. We also have offices in California, Europe, Japan, China & Hong Kong. Imagine the future you could help us build as a fellow iRoboteer! Check out #LifeAtiRobot and follow us on Instagram: @irobotcareers  iRobot is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Overview For over 25 years, Epic Games has been making award winning games and game engine technology that empowers others to make visually stunning games and 3D content that brings environments to life like never before. Epic’s award-winning Unreal Engine technology not only provides game developers the ability to build high-fidelity, interactive experiences for PC, console, mobile, and VR, it is also a tool being embraced by content creators across a variety of industries such as media and entertainment, automotive, and architectural design. As we continue to build our Engine technology and develop remarkable games, we strive to build teams of world-class talent.  Epic Games is searching for a Lead Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET). The person in this role will be an integral part of our online team, advocating for quality and efficiency in all of our testing practices. If you are passionate about improving test coverage and want to assist in raising Epic's Technical QA bar. The person in this role will be responsible for the following:Lead automation efforts across Epic’s Online teamIncrease the quality bar and test coverage of Epic’s online servicesEffectively reuse existing automation or tools, and create both when neededCreate and maintain automated functionality tests for multiple servicesWrite and execute load tests on the scale of many thousands of concurrent usersWork independently across multiple teams, products and services to deliver automationAssist in the review of test plans and automated cases from junior membersProactively communicate with development team during the development cycle and participate in design and documentation of new featuresThe ideal candidate will have a mix of the qualifications below:5+ years writing test automation using Java, C# or other object oriented languageRESTful Web service testing experienceExperience with Continuous Integration systems such as TeamCity or JenkinsStrong understanding of modern test methodologies such as fakes, mocks, and dependency injectionExperience working in an agile development environmentExperience with deployment tool chain a plus (AWS, Docker, Ansible)Experience load testing complex systems with off-the-shelf software such as Gatling or Artillery Please submit your resume and we’ll be in touch soon.  This is going to be Epic!  #LI2
Job ID: 37780.NET DeveloperOur client is looking for a .NET Developer to join their team. The position involves coding, testing, building, configuring, migrating, maintaining, and documenting various vendor and in-house applications to provide business solutions using a Relational Database Management System (RDBMS), graphical user interfaces and web services with software tools provided on a Windows platform. This position may also involve interpreting design specifications, coding software, developing and conducting unit tests, documenting and assisting with system installation and deployment procedures, following testing and change management procedures, producing system documentation requirements and working on a development team using a mix of Agile and Waterfall development methodologies. This position is located in Portland, OR.  This position requires confidentiality, professionalism and requires passing a higher level background investigation, for which the selected candidate must qualify to hold or continue to hold the position. .NET Developer Responsibilities With Manager oversight and approval / technical lead oversight, use professional level skills/ knowledge to perform:  Design, write and deploy C# based websites that use Web Services.  Develop web applications using ASP.Net and C#.  Design, develop and conduct automated unit and regression tests.  Design, document, and communicate effective technical solutions meeting end-user requirements.  Work collaboratively with users and IT staff to design streamlined and efficient user interfaces.  Coordinate development efforts with project management, software developers, functional SMEs business analysts and quality analysts during the various phases of the System Lifecycle (SLC).  Stand up, configure and maintain application environments.  Produce robust, efficient, and secure .Net code for applications that interact with end users in high availability environments.  Troubleshoot application and database performance problems.  Productively integrate with an Agile development team.  Analyze, test, and apply changes to the application environment under the prevailing change management procedures and requirements.  Share functional and technical knowledge needed to develop and support systems with others.  With manager oversight and approval, when needed, assume the role and responsibilities of a technical lead, which includes the following:  Review other developers' code and provide technical and constructive feedback where necessary to verify their code that follows company and team coding standards and programming best practices.  Break down technical work into tasks and provide reasonable time estimates to complete them  Communicate status of project development work to project team, users, information system owner and others.  Analyze and interpret system functional and non-functional requirements and propose technical designs that satisfy the requirements that also minimize the long term maintenance of the system. Identify and escalate technical bottlenecks and impediments to the project manager and information system owner (ISO), and ISO delegate.  Produce needed technical documentation.  Clearly communicate technical information to technical and non-technical customers and coworkers.  Meet timelines and milestones, supply deliverables and provide status updates as requested.  Ability to consider and/or develop flexible, extensible, and/or creative methods for application development. .NET Developer Qualifications Bachelor's, Master's and/or Post-Graduate College Degree in Computer/Information Technology or a closely-related field is preferred.  Associates Degree in Computer/Information Technology or a closely-related field is highly desirable.  This is a level 3 position: 7+ years' combination of education, certifications, and/or work experience in Computer/Information Technology or related field is required. NOTE: Equivalent related degrees will only count once. For example: A candidate with two Associate's degrees in different Computer/Information Technology disciplines, will only be given credit for 2 years of experience. Must provide a detailed accounting on the resume to include dates of experience and name/dates of specific coursework and certifications.  Minimum 5+ years of demonstrated applications design & development experience developing secure applications using the .Net framework, C#, JavaScript and Web Services is required. Technical Requirements: Expert knowledge of and skill in the following areas is preferred:  Visual Studio (2015 or greater),  WPF,  Microsoft .Net (3.0 or greater),  C#, JavaScript, CSS and HTML,  Microsoft SQL Server (2012 or greater) and/or Oracle (11g or greater),  T-SQL and/or PL/SQL TFS, SVN or other source control tool Knowledge of the following areas is desirable:  AJAX, Angular, Web API and JQuery.  Telerik .Net UI controls.  MVC 4 or greater.  nUnit or comparable unit testing tool. General Requirements: The developer must be a self-motivated, professional team player with strong interpersonal communication skills, be able to interface with customers to understand their processes and requirements, and be able to translate a set of requirements into computer source code.  Keep abreast of the latest computer industry developments in application development, network, user interface, system software, data acquisition and related computer hardware areas.  Understand and follow established processes and procedures including Change Management, Work Tracking, and Time Management.  Carry out assigned tasks with a professional demeanor reflected in excellent written and oral communication skills, listening skills, patience, analytical reasoning and problem solving abilities.  Communicate technical information verbally and in writing to technical and non-technical users.  Provide a sustainable IT infrastructure by supplying cross training and functional documentation.  Meet timelines, milestones, and deliverables and provide timely status updates.  Communicate technical information verbally and in writing to technical and non-technical users.  Ensure proper identification of self as a contract worker in all communications, correspondence, etc. Benefits Benefits are available to eligible VanderHouwen contractors and include coverage for medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short and long term disability, and matching 401k. About VanderHouwen VanderHouwen is an award-winning, Women-Owned, WBENC certified professional staffing firm. Founded in 1987, VanderHouwen has been successfully placing experienced professionals throughout the Pacific Northwest and nationwide. Our recruitment teams are highly specialized in either Technology and IT, Engineering, or Accounting and Finance career markets. Our recruiters value building meaningful, professional relationships with each candidate as well as developing honed knowledge of companies' staffing needs and workplaces. Partner with us to land your next exciting career.
 Company DescriptionKinetica is a high-growth disruptive startup in the white-hot nexus of Big Data, Real-time Analytics, Machine Learning, and Geospatial apps. We are more than doubling revenue annually, and just closed a $50M Series A round. We are seeking proven technical professionals who want to lead the charge on the front lines of an exciting and disruptive technology.Job Description  Kinetica is looking for engineers who have experience and interest in creating low-latency and large-scale distributed data processing systems. You will be working with an expert team of developers with the goal of continuing to improve upon the Kinetica database, our distributed database designed around using GPUs for data processing and visualization. Key responsibilities:Working with product leads to identify needed features and outlining and executing development strategy with development leads.Researching potential optimizations and communicating superior technical approaches to the broader team to improve Kinetica.Implementing C/C++ algorithms and vital infrastructure to support new features.Completing all tasks assigned by development leads in a consistent and timely manner. Qualifications Basic RequirementsTechnical Degree (BS or MS) with strong foundation in Computer Science fundamentalsAt least 3 to 5 years of active C/C++ development experience (GPU experience a plus).Extensive knowledge of data structures and algorithms.Understanding of how to operate and develop within a Linux environment.Strong time management skills with a proven ability to focus on priorities and solve problems.Working knowledge of source control management software.Bonus RequirementsExperience with development of highly distributed low latency systems using various messaging systems, i.e., MPI, ZMQ.Experience with development of internal database components (advanced data structures, query planners/optimizers, transactional data containers, data versioning).A deep understanding of Linux, including kernel and userspace interactions.Experience with distributed application debugging, profiling, and optimization.Experience with C++ frameworks such as Boost, TBB, and Poco.Experience with machine learning. Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
SYSTEMS PROGRAMMERThis position is: Full Time Position Location: Baton Rouge, LAPosition Overview  The Systems Programmer/Administrator ensures successful completion of company objectives at the infrastructure level. The main focus of the Systems Programmer is to program and configure company based business systems and support computer Virtualization requirements.  Primary Job FunctionsConfigure and program Microsoft SharePoint.Develop .NET C++, C#, Visual Basic, Java, HTML applications.Database and SQL Stored Procedure development.Tests, troubleshoots and provides solutions to technical problems with minimal assistance.Writes computer software and programs as necessary.Modifies and maintains existing and new internal systems.Develops Customer Requirements and Specifications documents.Develops Test Plans and User Documentation for all supported systems.Secondary Job FunctionsSupport customer applications as necessary.Support internal IT requirements such as computer and printer setup / troubleshooting, network configuration, security and user access as required.Requirements:Bachelor's Degree and 3 years of Systems Programming experience (Electrical, Computer Science, Information Systems).Proficient with multiple programming languages such as .Net, C#, Java, HTML, SQL Stored Procedures, and MVC.Valid driver's licenseReliable personal transportation with valid liability insurance.Fluent in verbal and written English.Available for after-hour, weekend and holidays.Available for overnight and extended travel.Ability to bend, stoops, crawl, walk and push, pull and lift 50+lbs for an extended period.

Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 DescriptionAt Experian Health, our employees have the opportunity to shape more than products they shape the future of U.S. healthcare. Experian Health is a pioneer for innovations leading the way in revenue cycle management, identity management, patient engagement, and care management for hospitals, physician groups, labs, pharmacies and other risk-bearing entities. Our success relies on people who are given the freedom to imagine new frontiers in the rapidly changing healthcare space and push the boundaries of innovation. Help us realize our vision of applying data for good and changing the healthcare landscape for the better for all of us.  This position is responsible for the successful and timely design, implementation, testing and ongoing maintenance of technical solutions to enhance Experian Healths Coverage Discovery product suite as well integration with other Experian Health core products and services. These efforts involve business analysis, product and account management interaction, project planning, troubleshooting and hands-on development. Responsibilities:• Actively participate in an agile environment, iterate quickly and contribute toward key goals Support all phases of the software development lifecycle including requirements, analysis, design, development, testing, documentation and maintenance for a complex software systemWork closely with product management to design new features and troubleshoot client issuesEmploy Test Driven Development (TDD) principles to ensure quality and completeness of all tasksAnalyze and understand business processes to help design technical solutions for client satisfactionActively participate in code review and junior engineer mentoring Knowledge, Experience & Qualifications• BS degree in Computer Science and related field 3-5 years software engineering (.NET and/or Java) experienceObject Oriented programming principlesDesign patternsTest Driven DevelopmentUnderstanding customer needs and translating into intuitive product designsExperience with tracking, building and collaboration tools including Jira, BitBucket and BambooExcellent written and verbal communication skillsClient focusManage changing priorities
As a software engineer at Formidable, you will use the modern JavaScript stack to implement new applications, features and tools for some of the largest and most successful companies in the world. You will embed deeply in client teams, where our engineers are regarded as technical leaders. You'll also have the opportunity to work on community-leading open-source projects. Working with other Formidables, you are guaranteed to stay on top of industry trends and tools, and to constantly cultivate your skill set. You are someone who builds responsive user interfaces using the latest front-end technologies with standards-compliant and accessible markup, and next-generation CSS syntax. You write discoverable and consistent APIs. You also take pride in writing unit- and integration tests for both the front- and back-end.You have:• High degree of fluency in JavaScript, with knowledge of the good and bad parts.• Experience with Git and code collaboration in teams.• Demonstrable ability to learn quickly.• Extensive experience with the modern web application stack: ▾ Frontend frameworks like React with Flux, and Backbone ▾ Node.js frameworks like Express and Hapi ▾ Persistence layers like MongoDB and PostgreSQL• Proficiency in front-end markup and styling: ▾ CSS preprocessors and CSS3 ▾ Front-end templating ▾ HTML5• Familiarity with design patterns, data structures, and algorithms.Extra credit:• Experience with iOS or React Native.• Experience leading teams.About UsFormidable is a Seattle-based consultancy and development shop, focused on open-source, React.js, and the architecture of large-scale JavaScript applications. We build products for some of the world's biggest companies, while helping their internal teams develop smart, thoughtful, and scalable front end systems.Formidable is committed to hiring the best people for the job, regardless of race, religion, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 To apply for this job email your details to resumes@flexwareinnovation.comGeneral Function  The Software Engineer is responsible for all aspects of software solution development and delivery as directed by the Software Development Team Leader. Specifically, this role requires designing and developing data-centric Microsoft Windows-based solutions, web-based solutions, mobile applications, and solutions that integrate with real-world devices such as Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs), barcode scanners, weigh scales, and industrial printers. Solution types range from single-user desktop applications, to internationally-deployed enterprise-wide solutions, to mission-critical execution and data collection systems.  Principle Responsibilities Define project objectives and ensure they are metWork directly with the customer to analyze, derive, and document solution requirementsWork directly with solution architects to design appropriate software deliverablesDevelop desktop, web-based, and mission-critical applications and system features utilizing primarily Microsoft stack of technology such as C#, .NET, SQLDevelop solutions that fully utilize Microsoft SQL Server for data storageDevelop reporting applications using Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)Develop and configure interfaces with third-party software tools and utilities such as OPC serversDevelop and configure interfaces with external software systems such as MRP, ERP, and WMSUnit test software solution componentsParticipate in system and integration testingConfigure and deploy software applications and systemsTrain end users on job-specific usage of deployed software solutions, and train system owners on proper maintenance and support of software solutionsSupport, maintain, and enhance deployed software solutions Knowledge and Experience B.S. in Computer Science or related field3+ years of experience with the full lifecycle of delivering software solutionsProficient in Microsoft stack of technologies, specifically .NET development, primarily using C#Experience using JavaScript-based frameworks, such as AngularJS, Backbone.js, Ember.js, Knockout.js, React, Vue.js, etc a plusFamiliar with rapid application development (RAD), agile, or similar methodologyExperience in all aspects of relational database design, development, and support using Microsoft SQL Server 2005 or newerExperience in the development of Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) solutionsExperience with performance analysis and tuning, and diagnosis and troubleshooting of software systemsEffective communication skills, and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group of customers and staffCloud-based (specifically Microsoft Azure) design, and development a plusMobile development (e.g., iOS, Android, Xamarin) a plusMicrosoft certifications for related technologies is a plusExperience in a manufacturing environment a plus Scope of Interaction  The Software Engineer will interact, both individually and as part of various project teams, directly with customers and with fellow engineers during the life of a project to ensure business and technical expectations are met. Interaction with team leaders to scope and estimate proposed software solutions will also be required.  Problem Solving Environment  It is critical that the Software Engineer possess a strong understanding of the full life cycle of a project. This individual must be able to manage projects and provide architectural guidance during establishment of business requirements, white boarding sessions, workshops, providing scope of projects, and high-level design of a solution.  Additional Duties and Responsibilities  This job description does not state or imply that the above duties and responsibilities are the only ones assigned to this position. The employee holding this position may be requested to perform additional duties.  About Flexware Innovation  Flexware Innovation was founded over 20 years ago with one goal in mind – to help manufacturing businesses operate more efficiently by solving their most complex problems. Each day, we continue to achieve this goal through the utilization of software, automation, and continuous improvement strategies.  Our core purpose is to have a positive and lasting impact on our families, clients, and community through a healthy work environment and innovative problem solving.  Staffed with well-rounded technical and business experts, our firm has a history of success with helping clients improve productivity, minimize downtime, reduce costs, and accomplish business goals. Flexware offers competitive salary and benefits packages, as well as performance-based bonuses. Our environment is fun, family-friendly, and energetic.  Your opportunity starts with a conversation. If this sounds like a role you would like more information on, please apply on this posting or send your qualifications to Matt Heiden at matt.heiden@flexwareinnovation.com. All inquiries will be treated confidentially, and your resume will never be sent anywhere without your consent and awareness. We look forward to talking to you!
 Data Works is seeking entry level software developers interested in Big Data, Application development, and Data Warehousing technologies. This position requires U.S. Citizenship and the ability to obtain a TS/SCI security clearance.About Data Works Data Works is an employee-focused small company that supports the Intelligence Community by providing Big Data and Cyber Security solutions. We favor a high quality workforce over aggressive growth and provide opportunities on programs that fill mission-critical needs. Our core competency is in the technical stack between data collection and analysis. Positions are available in various customer locations between McLean and Dulles in Virginia. Position Description Data Works has a growing need for entry level software developers to help support our many projects. Areas of focus would include Big Data, Application development, and Data Warehousing technologies. Applicants should have demonstrated knowledge of core Java development concepts, test-driven-development methodology, and development-related tooling such as IDE, build, source control and test applications. RequirementsAbility to obtain Government security clearance – must be a US citizenBachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or IT fieldExperience with Java and object oriented programmingExperience with C/C++, Scala, Groovy, Python, and/or shell scripting a plusJavascript development experience with AngularJS, ExtJS and/or Node.js a plusExperience with distributed computing technologies including Hadoop, HBase, Cassandra, Elasticsearch, Apache Spark and Greenplum a plusAWS experience a plusCompany Benefits6 weeks PTOPaid OvertimeAnnual Bonuses10% Employer 401k ContributionHealth/Vision/Dental/Disability/Life InsuranceAnnual Training and Tuition BudgetsTechnology/Fitness/Communications ReimbursementCharity Matching Program EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
 Changing lives is what Hair Club has been all about for over 40 years! We are currently hiring a Developer.  Hair Club's Developer is responsible for developing custom web based applications and reports, interfaces and utilities to further the business objectives of this organization. RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: Design, write, test, and implement applications using design specifications following organization and technical standards in a team environment.  Be responsible for all aspects of enterprise-level application development including the writing of stored procedures, triggers, SQL jobs, and the use of T-SQL code.  Develop well-written specifications containing functional and technical requirements, workflow diagrams and database models.  Participate in the testing process through unit testing, system testing and QA testing.  Support and/or install software applications.  Be responsible for specific project development as well as the handling of day-to-day maintenance of software applications.  Perform other duties as assigned. IDEAL CANDIDATES POSSESS THE FOLLOWING: Solid knowledge and experience working with MS SQL Server, T-SQL  3+ Experience with Reporting (SSRS)  3+ years experience with web programming and architecture (HTML, XML, Java Script, ADO)  Experience with .NET Framework  Experience with Microsoft Integration (SSIS) or Analysis Services (SSAS) is a plus  Experience with Sharepoint is a plus  Experience with code repository like Microsoft TFS  Experience with Business Intelligence (BI) structure and principles is a plus  Web page development using HTML and scripting languages (JavaScript, VB Script, etc.)  Proven problem-solving skills  Strong oral and written communications skills  Excellent ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences, including non-technical  Demonstrates strong work ethic; Uses time productively to accomplish challenging work goals. Develops efficient work methods. Willing to be flexible in work assignments and hours.  Self-motivated. Thrives on doing a job well. Has the independence, initiative, and desire to achieve  The ability to take direction and learn new skills quickly  Bachelors degree in a related field is a plus  Receive the best benefits in the industry, including paid time off, medical, dental, life insurance, participation in 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement. Excellent opportunities for growth and advancement.  Hair Club is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Section 1: Position Summary As a Lead Software Developer at Ascensus, you will be working in a high-energy team, writing beautiful code by using the best engineering practices in the industry today (e.g. unit testing, source control, continuous integration, automation, design patterns). Passion for all aspects of software development is a critical. We are building teams that are empowered to solve the business needs by having a rapid development and deployment pipeline with a focus on automation and releasing software.  As a Lead Software Developer member of a Scrum team, responsible for delivering solutions that adhere to the software architecture strategy, coding standards, and established organizational policies and procedures. Section 2: Job Functions, Essential Duties and ResponsibilitiesAnalyzing, implementing, testing, documenting and maintaining new and current software applications in support of achieving the business goals.Assisting in story estimates, planning resources and tasks, and tracking team progress throughout the software development life cycle.Participating in software architectural discussions, influencing decisions, and collaborating with peers to maintain consistency across the organization.Championing people and process improvement strategies for the Scrum team.As required, performing people management duties for developers on the team.Responsible for supervision of software engineers, software developments teams and processCoach and mentor software developer, develop staff skills, provide continuous feedbackLead and manage direct reports and set clear goals and objectivesHas relentlessly high standards (is never satisfied with the status quo)Expects and requires innovation of her/his teamHas passion and convictions and the innate ability to inspire passion in othersResponsible for protecting, securing, and proper handling of all confidential data held by Ascensus to ensure against unauthorized access, improper transmission, and/or unapproved disclosure of information that could result in harm to Ascensus or our clients.Our I-Client service philosophy and our Core Values of People Matter, Quality First and Integrity Always® should be visible in your actions on a day to day basis showing your support of our organizational culture.Assist with other tasks and projects as assignedSupervisionN/ASection 3: Experience, Skills, Knowledge Requirements5-15+ years of experience developing software & systems for medium to large business environmentsStrong technical leadership skillsStrong experience in multiple programming languages, technologies and software platforms, such as C#, Python, C/C++, Java, JavaScript, Apache, Ngnix, Redis, MS-SQL Server, MySQL, Sybase.At least 8+ years hands-on experience with one or more of the programming languages (e.g. C#, C++, C, Ruby,Java and Python)Strong and extensive experience with the Microsoft technology stackStrong and extensive experience with design principles (patterns, cohesion/coupling, S.O.L.I.D.)Strong background and experience with object-oriented design, data structures and algorithmsExperience and worked with Services Oriented Architecture and RESTful services developmentExperience with writing clean and maintainable code using engineering best practices (unit testing, continuous integration and deployment, automation, design patterns, refactoring etc.)Proven record of mentor and guide less experienced team members to provide technical directionStrong experience working with other developers, quality engineers (QE), ops engineers and support engineers to ensure smooth deployment, continual operation and passion for developing good software.Expert in leading and participating in design discussions with both technical and non-technical audiences. Nice To Have Skills: Familiarity or experience with Agile engineering practices (test driven development, continuous integration and pair programming, etc.)Experience in open source developmentGood understanding of web technologies (HTTP, Apache, HTTP Proxies)Experience with continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD)Strong experience with multi-threaded applications and memory managementExperience with working with legacy codeAgent of change to drive architecture around RESTful servicesPassionate about continuously deploying software in the Cloud We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer Ascensus is a place to have a career, not just a job. As the largest US independent retirement and college savings services provider, we put our focus on people. Our culture is guided by sound principles, is committed to high standards, operates with transparency, and welcomes diversity. When you join our team, you get to go to work every day knowing that you help over 6 million Americans save for retirement and college. Ascensus is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, citizenship, sex, marital or veteran status, disability or handicap, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Ascensus also takes affirmative action to employ, and advance in employment, qualified women, minorities, and covered veterans. Ascensus also makes reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities, in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable state laws
 Requisition Number 18-0002 Post Date 1/9/2018 Title Software Engineer II City Alpharetta Description Software Engineer II  Location: Alpharetta, GA  Liaison Technologies is looking to immediately fill a full-time Java EE Software Engineering position. This resource will maintain our Java EE applications which are running on wildfly 8.2+ Java 8 & JBOSS 4.2.3+Java 7. As a Liaison Software Engineer, you will  help design and develop new custom data integration and data management solutions for Liaison's Fortune 500 customer base. The position requires good communication skills, ability to work together in cross-functional technical teams in different areas of the  organization, strong hands-on programming abilities and strong knowledge of systems architecture and object-oriented programming concepts.  Liaison Technologies is a software and technology services company located in Alpharetta, GA focused on delivering innovative data integration and data management solutions to its customers.  Qualifications/Requirements B.S. or M.S. degree in Computer Science with 5+ years of experience.Solid knowledge in Java Application Stack - Core Java/J2EE/EJB/RESTful WebServicesExperience building complex distributed systems, knowledge of concurrency, and a desire for increasing performanceExperience working in an Agile environmentExperience working with Oracle/SQL server, Strong SQL skillsExperience with multiple application frameworks and tools such as Hibernate/Spring/UMLExperience with SOA/Micro Services architectureTroubleshoot/fine tune Application/JVM PerformanceProficient on UNIX-based systems.Ability to work independently and without supervision. Desired Strong experience support applications on Wildfly & Jboss.Familiar with HTTPS (TLS) and Java securityDevOps tools: Eclipse , Maven, SVN, GIT, Jenkins, Ansible, Rundeck,Cloud systems: AWS, GCE About Liaison Technologies  Liaison Technologies is a growing and energized global Integration and data management services company providing unique and high-value services to move, transform and manage business information in the cloud. With a comprehensive array of business-to-business  and application-to-application integration and data transformation services, Liaison's practitioners implement data management infrastructures adapted to each client’s specific business requirements. Headquartered in Alpharetta, Liaison has additional offices  in both the U.S. and Western Europe. For more information visit our corporate website at www.liaison.com  Liaison Technologies is an equal opportunity employer. It is the policy of Liaison technologies not to discriminate in hiring and employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, disability, age or any other protected class in accordance  with all applicable federal, state and local laws.
Job Summary: The Software Developer develops information systems by designing, developing, and installing software solutions.Job Expectations: Full lifecycle application development Experience with SQL,ASP.NET,VB.NET AND C# Designing, coding and debugging applications in various software languages. Software analysis, code analysis, requirements analysis, software review, identification of code metrics, system risk analysis, software reliability analysis Object-oriented Design and Analysis (OOA and OOD) Software modeling and simulation Software testing and quality assurance Performance tuning, improvement, balancing, usability, automation. Support, maintain and document software functionality Integrate software with existing systems Evaluate and identify new technologies for implementation Project Planning and Project Management Maintain standards compliance Implement localization or globalization of software;Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:Required: Communication Skills, must be articulate, and have a strong technical vocabulary Display of initiative / self-starter Understands Agile Environment Software Developer Interaction Experience Project Manager Interaction Experience Web Application Testing Experience Analytical Skillset Detail Oriented MS Office Knowledge (efficient in Excel, Word, and PowerPoint) Familiar with 3-Tier Structure Familiar with Web API , WCF , .Net Remoting Understanding of newer JavaScript Libraries Familiar with Object Oriented Concepts / Inheritance / Interfaces / Static Classes Familiar with Managed Memory Architecture / .NET Garbage Collector Familiar with Windows Service Programing Familiar with ADO.NET / Connection Pool / Data Reader Familiar with Parallel Programming / Thread-safe coding Familiar with Cache Management Familiar with Micro Services and Docker Familiar with NoSQL databases(Elastic , Cassandra , Mongo , ) Familiar with queue processing(MSMQ , RabbitMQ , )Experience Requirements: Generally requires a minimum of 3 years of experience in a developer role.Education Requirements: Bachelors Degree Required. An Emphasis in Computer Science is preferred.
Requisition Number:18-2559Job Title: Retail Software Development Engineer Intern Job Description:The ideal candidate will assume an active role on an application development team that supports one of our Kiosk products for creating photo products from a user's images. You will work with team members to develop, test and deliver field updates to resolve customer issues and/or new feature functionality. You will work from detailed requirement to develop or modify complex application software in a modern object oriented development environment. The development team follows agile methodologies.  Roles and Responsibilities:  Design, coding, unit testing, debugging and documentation of programs  Clearly and actively communicate status of work and projects to stakeholders as needed  Work closely with senior developers to successfully anticipate, identify and resolve issues/concerns internally  Diagnose and resolve software defects and problems  Meets time requirements for assignments, with minimal reminders  Provide work breakdown using standardized estimation techniques  Participate in work product reviews (e.g. code design)
 Summary  Do you have a passion for robotics? Do you want to code the future of one of the largest consumer robots company in the world? You will have a hand in developing the next generation of products that will live in millions of homes all across the world. As a pioneer in the robot industry, our goal is to drive innovation, serve as an industry catalyst and change the world by empowering people to do more.  To support and encourage the development of robot technology, iRobot offers comprehensive resources for third-party developers, providing information and products that facilitate the creation and easy integration of new payloads, behaviors and capabilities on iRobot platforms.  Essential Functions/ Job Duties  Our SW Engineering Team is rapidly growing and we're looking for an exceptional Software Engineer to join our team. Key personality attributes should include: great interpersonal skills, passion, energy, and the desire to build. As part of SW Product Development Team, you will: Work on the next generation Roomba, focused on the Robot ApplicationDevelop robotic software packages for mission state machines, path planning, and robot behaviorsIntegrate software on multiple robotic platformsDesign, implement, and document software to run on linux and embedded platformsLead and mentor other software engineersWork in an Agile environmentBe passionate about RoboticsQualificationsExpertise in writing C/C++ applications for Linux or embedded systemsSolid understanding of design patterns, data structures and advanced programming techniquesExperience with real-time and multi-threaded systemsExperience with finite state machine design and implementationExperience with path planning, AI algorithms, navigation algorithms, or robot behavior systemsExperience with version control systems such as git or svnStrong analytical skills and a desire to learn as well as teach othersM.S in Computer Science or other technical or scientific field About Us  We are the leading global consumer robot company, designing and building robots that empower people to do more, both inside and outside of the home. Founded by MIT roboticists who had the vision of making practical robots a reality. To date, we have sold over 20 million robots and globally employ more than 600 of the robot industry’s best and brightest. iRobot is committed to fostering invention, discovery and technological exploration in the pursuit of practical and valuable robot products for the home. iRobot stock trades on the NASDAQ stock market under the ticker symbol IRBT.  iRobot is headquartered in Bedford, Massachusetts, accessible by our corporate shuttle directly from Alewife Station. We also have offices in California, Europe, Japan, China & Hong Kong. Imagine the future you could help us build as a fellow iRoboteer! Check out #LifeAtiRobot and follow us on Instagram: @irobotcareers  iRobot is an Equal Opportunity Employer
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
Pray.com is a social impact company: were driven by a mission to help solve societys challenges by creating tools that make peoples lives better. We walk the talk, live the D.R.E.A.M. and combine our talents to build something bigger than ourselves. Our team is comprised of people from all kinds of backgrounds some of us pray, some of us meditate, and some of us just want to see more empathy in the world. We all feel fortunate to be here.As a product, Pray is a private social network and donations platform for non-profits and faith-based organizations. We make it easy for people to connect with their communities, get involved, and provide support in times of need. We are dedicated to creating a world where everyone leaves a legacy of helping others.Want to work with teammates driven to make the world a better place?At Pray.com, you get both a career and a cause.Is there anything more rewarding than collecting a paycheck while making a positive impact on the world every day?We believe that you can do well financially while doing good for your community. Our business was built on this principle and our investors have generously given us faith, and capital. In return, were scaling the company for maximum impact. With competitive salaries and a generous equity package, now is an amazing time to join our team. If making an impact while being part of a remarkable team sounds good to you, wed love to hear from you.What youll do:Build scalable front end applications to support the growing needs of the businessManage projects and collaborate with key stakeholdersDesign and develop scalable architectural solutions for our web propertiesWhat we're looking for:A BS degree in Computer Science or other related technical fieldExperience with JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and other front end technologiesUnderstanding of the whole stack (Server, Database, UI)Competent/Expert in either React or AngularComfort building across the stack in Java or PythonA passion for UI and WebExperience developing consumer-facing softwareExperience developing software systems of medium-to-large scope and complexityExperience with ES6Well-versed in implementing fully responsive designsUtilizes test-driven development, with experience writing frontend unit and integration/e2e testsCommunicates effectively with both designers and other developersOur CultureEvery person at Pray.com is devoted to our vision of creating a world where everyone leaves a legacy of helping others.Were looking for talented engineers who understand and embrace our core values, D.R.E.A.M., which include: Devotion, Research, Empathy, Application, and Mindset. At Pray.com, respect for colleagues coming from all faith (and non-faith) backgrounds is a must, and we support First Amendment rights. We have the unbelievable honor and privilege of working with incredible people.At Pray.com we take pride in being a highly-productive team. We collaborate using SCRUM Teams, provide candid constructive feedback to one another, and leverage agile business principles in an open office space that is located 2 blocks from the beach.More About UsFounded in 2016 by serial entrepreneur Steve Gatena and his team of rockstar co-founders, Pray.com was incubated by Mike Jones (Current CEO of Science and former CEO of MySpace) and currently operates out of the Science space in Downtown Santa Monica, which has also seen the likes of Dollar Shave Club, DogVacay, and FameBit pass through its doors.
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
 Work with a team of software developers to primarily create custom SharePoint 2016 apps (ASP.NET and C#), as well as other development tasks as needed. Build efficient and scalable enterprise solutions for both internal and direct project clients. Collaborate with the development team and project managers to deliver quality solutions on time and within budget. Largely work in an agile environment and participate in daily stand-ups/scrum with iterative development. Design, write, unit test, and document application code. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Essential Functions Statement(s) Develops software solutions by studying requirements analysis and information needs; conferring with stakeholders and IT Management; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; performs software design using software development fundamentals and processes, debug, test, and deploy software solutions. Collaborate with development team to design and deliver custom software solutions.Actively participate in product design reviews by providing creative and practical ideas and solutions in a teamwork environment. A wide degree of creativity and latitude required.Estimate deliverable cost/schedule.Protects operations by keeping information confidential.General and Administrative:Well-developed oral and written communication skillsUnderstands and practices customer satisfaction as a top priorityFunctions effectively in a team environmentMeets task and project deadlines under stressful situation
 Cisco is the worldwide leader in networking that transforms how people connect, communicate, and collaborate. Since 1984, Cisco has led in the innovation of IP-based networking technologies such as routing, switching, security, unified communications, video, and wireless. Our responsible business practices help ensure business sustainability and environmentally conscious operations and products.  Cisco is a $40 Billion dollar global leader in supplying leading edge, best-in-class networking products driving today's Internet. The company is ranked as one of the world's best employers and spends over $5 Billion dollars a year invested in R&D. Cisco is a great place to grow your career.  Who You'll Work With  Central Software Group (CSG) seeks an experienced leader to lead a highly motivated team that delivers software solutions for our Enterprise/Service Provider and Data-Center products. This is an excellent opportunity to participate in development of flexible software in CSG for the next generation networking products.  What You'll Do  Manage the Enterprise BGP Routing Team (the best in the industry) in Central Software Group of Cisco. This responsibilities of this team includes the following:  Design, Development, Coding and Testing of routing software modules, that enable critical solutions for the enterprise products, and provide them a competitive edge.Develop automated tests in Python/C for developed software features to ensure high-quality handoff to the Test team.Conduct and participate in peer code/design reviews.Deliver detailed functional and design specifications of the software.Work closely with the adjacent software teams in defining the programming interfaces into the various other software modules. Who You Are  Minimum Qualifications & Desired Skills 2-3 years of Management experienceBS degree in CS/EE/CE or technical equivalent.Knowledge of Routing Technologies, BGP, OSPF, ISIS, MPLS protocols is a definite plus.Unicast/Multicast Forwarding experience would help too.Proficient in "C" and multi-thread programming, scripting languages (Tcl, Python, Perl) is a plus.Understands advanced architecture principles and design practicesCreative problem solving skills and excellent troubleshooting/debugging skillsGood understanding of concepts in operating system, Inter process communication, high availability etc.Experience in manageability frameworks such as Yang/snmp/xml is a plusStrong written and verbal communicationExcellent teamwork and people skillsAbility to manage multiple tasks and work towards long-term goalsFlexibility and openness to changeSelf motivated and highly ambitiousFamiliarity with Unix/Linux. Experience using RTOS (ex: QNX, VxWorks)Understanding of networking fundamentals and protocols (ex: TCP/IP, Multicast)Minimum QualificationsAbility to solve complex problems involving multiple products.Ability to effectively present technological concepts to a wide audience.Ability to influence the development of industry wide standards.Exercises good judgement determining how to best achieve technical objectives of assignment.Creative problem solving skills and excellent troubleshooting/debugging skillsExcellent teamwork and people skillsProgramming experience (C, C++ ), script languages (Perl, Python)Familiarity with Unix/LinuxExperience working on embedded systemsExperience using RTOS (ex: QNX, VxWorks)Understanding of networking fundamentals and protocols (ex: TCP/IP, OSPF, BGP, MPLS) Educational Background  Master’s degree or Bsc with 10+ years of experience in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or related major About Cisco The Internet of Everything is a phenomenon driving new opportunities for Cisco and it's transforming our customers' businesses worldwide. We are pioneers and have been since the early days of connectivity. Today, we are building teams that are expanding our technology solutions in the mobile, cloud, security, IT, and big data spaces, including software and consulting services. As Cisco delivers the network that powers the Internet, we are connecting the unconnected. Imagine creating unprecedented disruption. Your revolutionary ideas will impact everything from retail, healthcare, and entertainment, to public and private sectors, and far beyond. Collaborate with like-minded innovators in a fun and flexible culture that has earned Cisco global recognition as a Great Place To Work. With roughly 10 billion connected things in the world now and over 50 billion estimated in the future, your career has exponential possibilities at Cisco
 Aquila is seeking a Software Developer to contribute to one of this country's premier research organizations.  Aquila team members experience the opportunity to be part of a fast-paced, customer-focused and technically innovative work environment. Aquila strives to deliver the best of the best in technical services to customers. Candidates that possess a love for technical challenges, a desire to constantly learn and the desire to establish themselves as critical players within a team are strongly encouraged to apply.  Requirements: Hands on experience with Informatica power center, data modelling tool (Erwin), Oracle 12cAbility to understand and develop logical and physical models based on central data hub requirementsDevelop ETL, data modeling, and data mapping from source systems (PeopleSoft ERP, IBM TM1 Planning Analytics, and Dassault Enovia 3DX) Unit test end-to-end data flowCreate technical specification documentationSupport system integration testing and user acceptance testing activities including defect resolutionSupport the company through parallel go-live cycle after deployment
 Does solving complex business problems and real world challenges interest you? Do you enjoy seeing the impact your contributions make on a daily basis? Are you passionate about using data analytics to provide game changing solutions to the Global 2000 clients? Do you thrive in a dynamic work environment that constantly pushes you to be the best you can be and more? Are you ready to work with smart colleagues who drive for excellence in everything they do?  If you possess a solutions mindset, strong development skills, and commitment to be part of a tremendous journey, come join our growing, global team. See what Saama can do for your career and for your journey. Position: Big Data DeveloperLocation: Campbell, CAType: Permanent FulltimeExp Level - 3-5 yrsRequirementBS/MS degree in computer science or related discipline.3 years of relevant experience in software development, preferably in distributed computing environments or big data platforms.Proven skills in Big Data technologies : Hadoop/Hive/Pig/Spark/Scalla/ScoopExperience with Hadoop and MapReduce programming is desirable.Understanding and working knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases.Knowledge of high level integration with other application.Previous experience contributing to design work and reviews coding and testing.Key Relationships:All project team members at onsite & offshoreEnterprise Architecture TeamsData ModelersBusiness TeamsUpstream & Downstream Application teamsPMO Teams - Internal & ClientOperations support teams at Onsite and OffshoreCompetencies:Results-oriented and a self-starter who enjoys a challenge and needs minimal support and direction.Works well in structured environment handling multiple threadsTakes initiative; challenges status quoLearns quickly; takes smart risks & experiments.Consulting skills; identifies key requirements in dynamic environments.Positive Attitude, Communication & Influence skills. Able to communicate effectively and credibly with clients, and other team members. Effective in both written and spoken communication.Stays the course despite challenges & setbacksWhat We ValueIntegrity: doing the right thingSolutions: solving core, complex business challengesCollaboration: working as one teamInnovation: changing the gameTransparency: communicating openlyEnjoy & Celebrate: having funAbout Saama Technologies: Enabling Intuitionwith Ingenuityand Integrity™ Saama is a Silicon Valley based company focused on Life Sciences industry in areas of accelerating Clinical Trials using artificial intelligence and machine learning while leveraging proprietary big data analytics platform.  Our focus is to turn raw data into actionable insights that enable enterprise leaders to make timely and reliable decisions for critical business discovery. We have 20 years of history solving data management and advanced analytics challenges for Industry leading fortune clients.  Saama is a leader in assisting the life sciences companies around the globe to transform their businesses by creating outcomes in accelerating drug pipeline development, patient-centric transformation across the value chain and effective operationalization of value-based pricing. All these business outcomes assist stakeholders in processing the operational and real-world data generated from bench-side (clinical development and operations) to bed-side (post market launch). Saama Solutions have a unique approach to providing cognitive intelligence and integrated experience through pre-built assets and quick-start application modules for faster time to value.  Saama believes in innovation, connection with their customers and partners, team building and social responsibility. Intellectual curiosity drives innovation at Saama. The team is made up of intelligent, driven, charged up, helpful people, who share a passion for data and analytics, are courageous, take calculated risks, and execute with speed in a market that demands nothing but excellence. Our DNA is D&A™#LI-AP1
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 Reflexis offers enterprise and SaaS product solutions enabling retailers to drive excellence in their corporate, store, and vendor operations by employees, suppliers, and third party service providers. Reflexis is headquartered in Boston USA, with the Customer Operations Group in Atlanta USA, UK, Netherlands, and technology and engineering center at Pune, India. Job Description:Active involvement in low to medium level technical design, coding, unit and integration testing, debugging and Product documentation for Reflexis.Contribute across the entire software product life cycle – concept, design, build, test, deploy and supportEnsure adherence to organizational development standards, procedures, and design/coding best practices.Collaborate with other developers with design issues identified during programming and test phases.Assist in creating new development standards, coding technique and procedures. Also enforces these standards.Ability to adapt to a dynamic, rapidly changing business and technical environment and to keep knowledge up to date on technology and industry advancements.Desired Candidate Profile:Bachelor’s degree, preferably in an IT-related discipline, or the equivalent of education from BITS / IIT’s / NIT’s/Reputed colleges.Total of 1-3 years of experience in software development.At least 1-2 years of recent hands on experience in the following technologies. Core JavaJSPServletsWeb ServicesAt least 1-2 years of recent hands on experience in the following technologies. HTML/ HTML5CSS / CSS3jQueryAJAXAt least 1-2 years recent hands on experience in using an RDBMS (preferably Oracle, DB2, MSSQL Server, MySQL) and in Understanding and Writing SQL Queries.Excellent analytical skills and problem solving abilityMust be flexible and able to “think outside the box”.Strong understanding of impact analysis and effective software change management (SCM) and control.Knowledge of Object Oriented Design and DevelopmentAbility to implement and follow programming standards.Strong knowledge of system development life cycle methodology.Must be able to work as a member of a team and independently.Ability to multi task and good time management skillsExcellent communication skills (verbal and written) to liaise with various departments locally and internationallyDemonstrated ability to write concise technical documentation.
AWS Security Engineers/DevelopersLocation: Dover, NHAbout Trianz Trianz is a global professional services firm committed to enabling leaders to develop and execute operational strategies, leverage new business and technology paradigms, and achieve results expected by senior management in their organizations- predictably. What We Stand For Our clients are transforming their businesses, competitive strategies, product and service portfolios, customer-partner-employee interactions and their ecosystem as a whole. The cost of misses is not financial alone but a lost window of opportunity. So getting things right the first time is absolutely critical.  As a result, Trianz is focusing on three important themes in our engagement model with clients. Crystallize business impact from a top management point of viewHelp Clients achieve results from strategy-by making execution predictable through innovative execution techniquesCreate a positive, enriching partnership experience in everything we doIndustries, Clients & Practices Trianz works with clients across High Technology, Banking, Insurance, Manufacturing, Retail, Telecom, e-businesses and Public Services. Most clients are Fortune 1000 organizations and our relationships are sponsored by senior leaders in Enterprise Analytics Sales, Finance, Marketing, Human Resources, Operations and Information Technology. We partner with our clients to address the following key service areas: Information Management, Master Data & Data WarehousingCloudAnalyticsDigitalAbout the roleAWS Security Developers Work closely with AWS developers to integrate their projects into the AWS environment and hands on coding experience. Lambda Responder Scripts to remediate compliance issuesTerraform to deploy Logging and Monitoring environmentsSecurity Group Auditing and Blacklisting codeData Protection TemplatesIAM policies for applications -Be a DevOps guru - work closely with other internal teams to build security, reliability, and scalability into the development lifecycle.  -Dive deep into the software stack to troubleshoot as needed. Provide production support coverage.  -Build engineering automation and productivity tools to streamline and scale applications in the production environment.  -Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to application development, deployment and operations.  -Build from the ground up reliable infrastructure services in AWS to deliver highly available and scalable services.  -Use native AWS infrastructure services such as EC2, EBS, Auto Scaling, Cloudwatch, etc.  What we’re looking for... AWS/Public Cloud (AWS Certified) and more years of DevOps experience or infrastructure experience.Security, Compliance and risk management, including privacy, controls, etc.Security SkillsIT Security Frameworks such as NIST, ISO27001, PCI, DSSProgramming and Ops Skills Python, Terraform (Essential) or any other similar toolAWS SDK and CLIJSON/TerraformLinux and Windows System AdministrationPCF development experiencePublic Cloud Services Experience with designing and building highly available and scalable infrastructure in AWSExpertise with monitoring tools such as CloudTrail, Cloudwatch, Splunk etc.Expertise with Management Services such as CloudWatch, Lambda and AWS ConfigHands on Experience of Infrastructure and Platform Services such as EC2, Auto Scaling, S3, EBS, ELB, RDS etc.Experience and Hands on Skills with Docker, ECS, Kubernetes, and Container Security ToolsAgile and DevOps Toolsets Expertise with JIRAExperience with Test Automation Tools such as Ruby, Server SpecExpertise with Jenkins, Ansible, Stash, ConfluenceWe are Growing Rapidly: 2015-16 Highlights Trianz is growing above the average of the professional services industry. Here are some highlights. Voted significantly above other services firms by 90% + of clients for business impact, execution predictability and organizational commitment in the recent Trianz wide client satisfaction survey.Won the “Customer Obsession Award” from Amazon Web Services for our innovation and execution record in Cloud Infrastructure and Business Applications strategy and services.Won UNICOM awards for the #1 Digitization and #1 Analytics project over a wide array of competition.Featured by IDC in their Spotlight series under the theme of “Operationalizing Strategies through Execution Excellence: A New Paradigms in Technology Delivery”.Achieved 50%+ revenue and employee growth compared to prior year’s exit showing an increasing acceptance of our models and success from our differentiated methodologies in strategic execution.Talk to us, Join us & Develop into Leaders Come join a dynamic global start-up. We are an open, non-bureaucratic and no-nonsense culture. We believe in a culture of innovation, encouraging our people to create. We believe training and development of all our associates is the most important thing we can provide to our talent. We are investing heavily- in classroom, online and on the job training. Seeing our talent develop into leaders- is what’s fundamental for everyone at Trianz.  We are hiring at all levels of Trianz. And we are hiring globally. So- if you have a passion for execution and would like to develop into a leader capable of taking on anything, or are already a leader, talk to us! Equal Opportunity Employer Trianz does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, national or ethnic origin, gender, religion, disability, age, political affiliation or belief, disabled veteran, veteran of the Vietnam Era, or citizenship status (except in those special circumstances permitted or mandated by law).

 Company DescriptionKinetica is a high-growth disruptive startup in the white-hot nexus of Big Data, Real-time Analytics, Machine Learning, and Geospatial apps. We are more than doubling revenue annually, and just closed a $50M Series A round. We are seeking proven technical professionals who want to lead the charge on the front lines of an exciting and disruptive technology.Job Description  Kinetica is looking for engineers who have experience and interest in creating low-latency and large-scale distributed data processing systems. You will be working with an expert team of developers with the goal of continuing to improve upon the Kinetica database, our distributed database designed around using GPUs for data processing and visualization. Key responsibilities:Working with product leads to identify needed features and outlining and executing development strategy with development leads.Researching potential optimizations and communicating superior technical approaches to the broader team to improve Kinetica.Implementing C/C++ algorithms and vital infrastructure to support new features.Completing all tasks assigned by development leads in a consistent and timely manner. Qualifications Basic RequirementsTechnical Degree (BS or MS) with strong foundation in Computer Science fundamentalsAt least 3 to 5 years of active C/C++ development experience (GPU experience a plus).Extensive knowledge of data structures and algorithms.Understanding of how to operate and develop within a Linux environment.Strong time management skills with a proven ability to focus on priorities and solve problems.Working knowledge of source control management software.Bonus RequirementsExperience with development of highly distributed low latency systems using various messaging systems, i.e., MPI, ZMQ.Experience with development of internal database components (advanced data structures, query planners/optimizers, transactional data containers, data versioning).A deep understanding of Linux, including kernel and userspace interactions.Experience with distributed application debugging, profiling, and optimization.Experience with C++ frameworks such as Boost, TBB, and Poco.Experience with machine learning. Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

 DescriptionAt Experian Health, our employees have the opportunity to shape more than products they shape the future of U.S. healthcare. Experian Health is a pioneer for innovations leading the way in revenue cycle management, identity management, patient engagement, and care management for hospitals, physician groups, labs, pharmacies and other risk-bearing entities. Our success relies on people who are given the freedom to imagine new frontiers in the rapidly changing healthcare space and push the boundaries of innovation. Help us realize our vision of applying data for good and changing the healthcare landscape for the better for all of us.  This position is responsible for the successful and timely design, implementation, testing and ongoing maintenance of technical solutions to enhance Experian Healths Coverage Discovery product suite as well integration with other Experian Health core products and services. These efforts involve business analysis, product and account management interaction, project planning, troubleshooting and hands-on development. Responsibilities:• Actively participate in an agile environment, iterate quickly and contribute toward key goals Support all phases of the software development lifecycle including requirements, analysis, design, development, testing, documentation and maintenance for a complex software systemWork closely with product management to design new features and troubleshoot client issuesEmploy Test Driven Development (TDD) principles to ensure quality and completeness of all tasksAnalyze and understand business processes to help design technical solutions for client satisfactionActively participate in code review and junior engineer mentoring Knowledge, Experience & Qualifications• BS degree in Computer Science and related field 3-5 years software engineering (.NET and/or Java) experienceObject Oriented programming principlesDesign patternsTest Driven DevelopmentUnderstanding customer needs and translating into intuitive product designsExperience with tracking, building and collaboration tools including Jira, BitBucket and BambooExcellent written and verbal communication skillsClient focusManage changing priorities
 DescriptionAt Experian Health, our employees have the opportunity to shape more than products they shape the future of U.S. healthcare. Experian Health is a pioneer for innovations leading the way in revenue cycle management, identity management, patient engagement, and care management for hospitals, physician groups, labs, pharmacies and other risk-bearing entities. Our success relies on people who are given the freedom to imagine new frontiers in the rapidly changing healthcare space and push the boundaries of innovation. Help us realize our vision of applying data for good and changing the healthcare landscape for the better for all of us.  This position is responsible for the successful and timely design, implementation, testing and ongoing maintenance of technical solutions to enhance Experian Healths Coverage Discovery product suite as well integration with other Experian Health core products and services. These efforts involve business analysis, product and account management interaction, project planning, troubleshooting and hands-on development. Responsibilities:• Actively participate in an agile environment, iterate quickly and contribute toward key goals Support all phases of the software development lifecycle including requirements, analysis, design, development, testing, documentation and maintenance for a complex software systemWork closely with product management to design new features and troubleshoot client issuesEmploy Test Driven Development (TDD) principles to ensure quality and completeness of all tasksAnalyze and understand business processes to help design technical solutions for client satisfactionActively participate in code review and junior engineer mentoring Knowledge, Experience & Qualifications• BS degree in Computer Science and related field 3-5 years software engineering (.NET and/or Java) experienceObject Oriented programming principlesDesign patternsTest Driven DevelopmentUnderstanding customer needs and translating into intuitive product designsExperience with tracking, building and collaboration tools including Jira, BitBucket and BambooExcellent written and verbal communication skillsClient focusManage changing priorities
 Data Works is seeking entry level software developers interested in Big Data, Application development, and Data Warehousing technologies. This position requires U.S. Citizenship and the ability to obtain a TS/SCI security clearance.About Data Works Data Works is an employee-focused small company that supports the Intelligence Community by providing Big Data and Cyber Security solutions. We favor a high quality workforce over aggressive growth and provide opportunities on programs that fill mission-critical needs. Our core competency is in the technical stack between data collection and analysis. Positions are available in various customer locations between McLean and Dulles in Virginia. Position Description Data Works has a growing need for entry level software developers to help support our many projects. Areas of focus would include Big Data, Application development, and Data Warehousing technologies. Applicants should have demonstrated knowledge of core Java development concepts, test-driven-development methodology, and development-related tooling such as IDE, build, source control and test applications. RequirementsAbility to obtain Government security clearance – must be a US citizenBachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or IT fieldExperience with Java and object oriented programmingExperience with C/C++, Scala, Groovy, Python, and/or shell scripting a plusJavascript development experience with AngularJS, ExtJS and/or Node.js a plusExperience with distributed computing technologies including Hadoop, HBase, Cassandra, Elasticsearch, Apache Spark and Greenplum a plusAWS experience a plusCompany Benefits6 weeks PTOPaid OvertimeAnnual Bonuses10% Employer 401k ContributionHealth/Vision/Dental/Disability/Life InsuranceAnnual Training and Tuition BudgetsTechnology/Fitness/Communications ReimbursementCharity Matching Program EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled
 Changing lives is what Hair Club has been all about for over 40 years! We are currently hiring a Developer.  Hair Club's Developer is responsible for developing custom web based applications and reports, interfaces and utilities to further the business objectives of this organization. RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: Design, write, test, and implement applications using design specifications following organization and technical standards in a team environment.  Be responsible for all aspects of enterprise-level application development including the writing of stored procedures, triggers, SQL jobs, and the use of T-SQL code.  Develop well-written specifications containing functional and technical requirements, workflow diagrams and database models.  Participate in the testing process through unit testing, system testing and QA testing.  Support and/or install software applications.  Be responsible for specific project development as well as the handling of day-to-day maintenance of software applications.  Perform other duties as assigned. IDEAL CANDIDATES POSSESS THE FOLLOWING: Solid knowledge and experience working with MS SQL Server, T-SQL  3+ Experience with Reporting (SSRS)  3+ years experience with web programming and architecture (HTML, XML, Java Script, ADO)  Experience with .NET Framework  Experience with Microsoft Integration (SSIS) or Analysis Services (SSAS) is a plus  Experience with Sharepoint is a plus  Experience with code repository like Microsoft TFS  Experience with Business Intelligence (BI) structure and principles is a plus  Web page development using HTML and scripting languages (JavaScript, VB Script, etc.)  Proven problem-solving skills  Strong oral and written communications skills  Excellent ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences, including non-technical  Demonstrates strong work ethic; Uses time productively to accomplish challenging work goals. Develops efficient work methods. Willing to be flexible in work assignments and hours.  Self-motivated. Thrives on doing a job well. Has the independence, initiative, and desire to achieve  The ability to take direction and learn new skills quickly  Bachelors degree in a related field is a plus  Receive the best benefits in the industry, including paid time off, medical, dental, life insurance, participation in 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement. Excellent opportunities for growth and advancement.  Hair Club is an Equal Opportunity Employer
 Requisition Number 18-0002 Post Date 1/9/2018 Title Software Engineer II City Alpharetta Description Software Engineer II  Location: Alpharetta, GA  Liaison Technologies is looking to immediately fill a full-time Java EE Software Engineering position. This resource will maintain our Java EE applications which are running on wildfly 8.2+ Java 8 & JBOSS 4.2.3+Java 7. As a Liaison Software Engineer, you will  help design and develop new custom data integration and data management solutions for Liaison's Fortune 500 customer base. The position requires good communication skills, ability to work together in cross-functional technical teams in different areas of the  organization, strong hands-on programming abilities and strong knowledge of systems architecture and object-oriented programming concepts.  Liaison Technologies is a software and technology services company located in Alpharetta, GA focused on delivering innovative data integration and data management solutions to its customers.  Qualifications/Requirements B.S. or M.S. degree in Computer Science with 5+ years of experience.Solid knowledge in Java Application Stack - Core Java/J2EE/EJB/RESTful WebServicesExperience building complex distributed systems, knowledge of concurrency, and a desire for increasing performanceExperience working in an Agile environmentExperience working with Oracle/SQL server, Strong SQL skillsExperience with multiple application frameworks and tools such as Hibernate/Spring/UMLExperience with SOA/Micro Services architectureTroubleshoot/fine tune Application/JVM PerformanceProficient on UNIX-based systems.Ability to work independently and without supervision. Desired Strong experience support applications on Wildfly & Jboss.Familiar with HTTPS (TLS) and Java securityDevOps tools: Eclipse , Maven, SVN, GIT, Jenkins, Ansible, Rundeck,Cloud systems: AWS, GCE About Liaison Technologies  Liaison Technologies is a growing and energized global Integration and data management services company providing unique and high-value services to move, transform and manage business information in the cloud. With a comprehensive array of business-to-business  and application-to-application integration and data transformation services, Liaison's practitioners implement data management infrastructures adapted to each client’s specific business requirements. Headquartered in Alpharetta, Liaison has additional offices  in both the U.S. and Western Europe. For more information visit our corporate website at www.liaison.com  Liaison Technologies is an equal opportunity employer. It is the policy of Liaison technologies not to discriminate in hiring and employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, disability, age or any other protected class in accordance  with all applicable federal, state and local laws.
Requisition Number:18-2559Job Title: Retail Software Development Engineer Intern Job Description:The ideal candidate will assume an active role on an application development team that supports one of our Kiosk products for creating photo products from a user's images. You will work with team members to develop, test and deliver field updates to resolve customer issues and/or new feature functionality. You will work from detailed requirement to develop or modify complex application software in a modern object oriented development environment. The development team follows agile methodologies.  Roles and Responsibilities:  Design, coding, unit testing, debugging and documentation of programs  Clearly and actively communicate status of work and projects to stakeholders as needed  Work closely with senior developers to successfully anticipate, identify and resolve issues/concerns internally  Diagnose and resolve software defects and problems  Meets time requirements for assignments, with minimal reminders  Provide work breakdown using standardized estimation techniques  Participate in work product reviews (e.g. code design)
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
 Work with a team of software developers to primarily create custom SharePoint 2016 apps (ASP.NET and C#), as well as other development tasks as needed. Build efficient and scalable enterprise solutions for both internal and direct project clients. Collaborate with the development team and project managers to deliver quality solutions on time and within budget. Largely work in an agile environment and participate in daily stand-ups/scrum with iterative development. Design, write, unit test, and document application code. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Essential Functions Statement(s) Develops software solutions by studying requirements analysis and information needs; conferring with stakeholders and IT Management; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; performs software design using software development fundamentals and processes, debug, test, and deploy software solutions. Collaborate with development team to design and deliver custom software solutions.Actively participate in product design reviews by providing creative and practical ideas and solutions in a teamwork environment. A wide degree of creativity and latitude required.Estimate deliverable cost/schedule.Protects operations by keeping information confidential.General and Administrative:Well-developed oral and written communication skillsUnderstands and practices customer satisfaction as a top priorityFunctions effectively in a team environmentMeets task and project deadlines under stressful situation
 Aquila is seeking a Software Developer to contribute to one of this country's premier research organizations.  Aquila team members experience the opportunity to be part of a fast-paced, customer-focused and technically innovative work environment. Aquila strives to deliver the best of the best in technical services to customers. Candidates that possess a love for technical challenges, a desire to constantly learn and the desire to establish themselves as critical players within a team are strongly encouraged to apply.  Requirements: Hands on experience with Informatica power center, data modelling tool (Erwin), Oracle 12cAbility to understand and develop logical and physical models based on central data hub requirementsDevelop ETL, data modeling, and data mapping from source systems (PeopleSoft ERP, IBM TM1 Planning Analytics, and Dassault Enovia 3DX) Unit test end-to-end data flowCreate technical specification documentationSupport system integration testing and user acceptance testing activities including defect resolutionSupport the company through parallel go-live cycle after deployment
 Does solving complex business problems and real world challenges interest you? Do you enjoy seeing the impact your contributions make on a daily basis? Are you passionate about using data analytics to provide game changing solutions to the Global 2000 clients? Do you thrive in a dynamic work environment that constantly pushes you to be the best you can be and more? Are you ready to work with smart colleagues who drive for excellence in everything they do?  If you possess a solutions mindset, strong development skills, and commitment to be part of a tremendous journey, come join our growing, global team. See what Saama can do for your career and for your journey. Position: Big Data DeveloperLocation: Campbell, CAType: Permanent FulltimeExp Level - 3-5 yrsRequirementBS/MS degree in computer science or related discipline.3 years of relevant experience in software development, preferably in distributed computing environments or big data platforms.Proven skills in Big Data technologies : Hadoop/Hive/Pig/Spark/Scalla/ScoopExperience with Hadoop and MapReduce programming is desirable.Understanding and working knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases.Knowledge of high level integration with other application.Previous experience contributing to design work and reviews coding and testing.Key Relationships:All project team members at onsite & offshoreEnterprise Architecture TeamsData ModelersBusiness TeamsUpstream & Downstream Application teamsPMO Teams - Internal & ClientOperations support teams at Onsite and OffshoreCompetencies:Results-oriented and a self-starter who enjoys a challenge and needs minimal support and direction.Works well in structured environment handling multiple threadsTakes initiative; challenges status quoLearns quickly; takes smart risks & experiments.Consulting skills; identifies key requirements in dynamic environments.Positive Attitude, Communication & Influence skills. Able to communicate effectively and credibly with clients, and other team members. Effective in both written and spoken communication.Stays the course despite challenges & setbacksWhat We ValueIntegrity: doing the right thingSolutions: solving core, complex business challengesCollaboration: working as one teamInnovation: changing the gameTransparency: communicating openlyEnjoy & Celebrate: having funAbout Saama Technologies: Enabling Intuitionwith Ingenuityand Integrity™ Saama is a Silicon Valley based company focused on Life Sciences industry in areas of accelerating Clinical Trials using artificial intelligence and machine learning while leveraging proprietary big data analytics platform.  Our focus is to turn raw data into actionable insights that enable enterprise leaders to make timely and reliable decisions for critical business discovery. We have 20 years of history solving data management and advanced analytics challenges for Industry leading fortune clients.  Saama is a leader in assisting the life sciences companies around the globe to transform their businesses by creating outcomes in accelerating drug pipeline development, patient-centric transformation across the value chain and effective operationalization of value-based pricing. All these business outcomes assist stakeholders in processing the operational and real-world data generated from bench-side (clinical development and operations) to bed-side (post market launch). Saama Solutions have a unique approach to providing cognitive intelligence and integrated experience through pre-built assets and quick-start application modules for faster time to value.  Saama believes in innovation, connection with their customers and partners, team building and social responsibility. Intellectual curiosity drives innovation at Saama. The team is made up of intelligent, driven, charged up, helpful people, who share a passion for data and analytics, are courageous, take calculated risks, and execute with speed in a market that demands nothing but excellence. Our DNA is D&A™#LI-AP1
 Reflexis offers enterprise and SaaS product solutions enabling retailers to drive excellence in their corporate, store, and vendor operations by employees, suppliers, and third party service providers. Reflexis is headquartered in Boston USA, with the Customer Operations Group in Atlanta USA, UK, Netherlands, and technology and engineering center at Pune, India. Job Description:Active involvement in low to medium level technical design, coding, unit and integration testing, debugging and Product documentation for Reflexis.Contribute across the entire software product life cycle – concept, design, build, test, deploy and supportEnsure adherence to organizational development standards, procedures, and design/coding best practices.Collaborate with other developers with design issues identified during programming and test phases.Assist in creating new development standards, coding technique and procedures. Also enforces these standards.Ability to adapt to a dynamic, rapidly changing business and technical environment and to keep knowledge up to date on technology and industry advancements.Desired Candidate Profile:Bachelor’s degree, preferably in an IT-related discipline, or the equivalent of education from BITS / IIT’s / NIT’s/Reputed colleges.Total of 1-3 years of experience in software development.At least 1-2 years of recent hands on experience in the following technologies. Core JavaJSPServletsWeb ServicesAt least 1-2 years of recent hands on experience in the following technologies. HTML/ HTML5CSS / CSS3jQueryAJAXAt least 1-2 years recent hands on experience in using an RDBMS (preferably Oracle, DB2, MSSQL Server, MySQL) and in Understanding and Writing SQL Queries.Excellent analytical skills and problem solving abilityMust be flexible and able to “think outside the box”.Strong understanding of impact analysis and effective software change management (SCM) and control.Knowledge of Object Oriented Design and DevelopmentAbility to implement and follow programming standards.Strong knowledge of system development life cycle methodology.Must be able to work as a member of a team and independently.Ability to multi task and good time management skillsExcellent communication skills (verbal and written) to liaise with various departments locally and internationallyDemonstrated ability to write concise technical documentation.


 You are smart and savvy AND you're also ready to get to the next level of your career. We can help you.  First, and most importantly, we look for developers who exemplify our cultural core values: put customers first, team over self, glass half full, focus on results, bias towards action. We all love getting up in the morning and coming to work. We want you to as well. Do you have a history of:Regularly shipping quality finished code into the wild.Creating full features, relatively unsupervised.Valuing autonomy and ownership of your work.Maintaining a constructive peer review environment.Prioritizing customer experience above all else.Pushing to constantly improve your craft through technology or process.Collectively taking ownership & pride in the product.We care more about software engineering concepts than specific language wars, but our particular technology flavors are:Ruby on Rails API and an AngularJS single page front-end application. We also have been dabbling into Elixir, ReactJS and Redux. We're pretty heavy into ActiveModel Serializers, Sidekiq, Factory Girls, RSpec, Capybara, UI Router, and Restangular too for what it is worth.We do continuous integration and continuous deployment. New code goes live dozens of times a day.We write tests extensively. Tests that help us think out code design and protect ourselves allowing us to ultimately move faster.We run everything currently using AWS Services namely: VPC, EC2, S3, RDS (postgres), Route53, IAM, CloudWatch, Elasticache, Elasticsearch Service, OpsWorks and CloudFormation. You absolutely do not need to know everything about them. We have an amazing operations team.We have a service-oriented architecture. We have a single client facing platform supported by around 9 other services, an internal API to connect them, and an external API for partners. It allows us to keep codebases smaller, optimize more specifically, and explore new technologies with isolation.Here's why we think you should come work with us:You get to work with a group that believes in "Code that sells. People that care."You will join North America's 7th fastest growing company according to the Deloitte Fast 500.You will become part of an amazing culture with compassionate leadership and smart teammates.You will work in an inclusive work environment from leadership to individual contributors.You can choose to grow in either technology or management tracks. We have a technology track!You have direct one-on-one acccess to your manager every week. Guranteed.You will work with many amazing developers and have opportunities to learn and teach everyday.You will actually get ample opportunties to pair program. We believe in it.We pay well and take care of all the important benefits, but it likely won't be your highest paying offer.You'll advance in a high-growth company building a high-traction product. Our ARR doubled last quarter.You will get to work on challenging projects using modern technology and ship real code.You will unlock more of your potential here than you will anywhere else.
 Next Century Corporation is seeking an innovative Cloud Software Engineer to join a stellar team working at our customer site in Reston, VA! This position provides the opportunity to play a key role in supporting a system that aggregates collected raw data which allows analysts to convert it into intelligence products. This system supports a number of mission-critical legacy applications, as well as the architecture of the future for intelligence analysis of HUMINT- enabled computer operations! To be successful, you will need:A Bachelor’s degree in CS, Info Systems, Engineering or a scientific or technical discipline related to the specific skills will be considered equivalent to five (5) years specialized experience (total equivalency is not cumulative when combined with an Associate’s degree).An AWS DevOps Professional certificationPrior experience of at least 10 years of experience developing web applications using Java.A Minimum of 7 years of hands-on experience working in software development in a cloud environment.3 years’ experience developing microservices on AWS, Azure or similar platformsHands-on experience with distributed cross-platform applications, orchestration and security.Excellent knowledge and demonstrated experience of software quality process/assurance including automation testing, unit/integration testing, design/code review, code profiling and software continuous integration and continuous deployment pipelinesA Minimum of 5+ years’ experience using RESTful APIs.Advanced Product knowledge and demonstrated experience with Java and one or more scripting languages (e.g. Angular, React, Jquery, JSON, XML, Scala, etc.)Advance product knowledge and demonstrated experience with relational, NoSQL and/or file-based storage (e.g. MongoDB, Cassandra, Oracle, Postgres, etc.)Working knowledge of continuous integration and delivery tools (e.g. Git, Jenkins, Puppet, Chef, etc.) Deep technical understanding of Cloud architecture.Working knowledge of DevOps, Release engineering and Operations approach to automating deployments.To be capable of high performance and flexibility in a dynamic working environmentThe ability to thrive in a fast-paced, high intensity, Agile scrum teamwork environment and exhibit flexibility as innovation is implemented.An active TS/SCI with polygraph clearanceYour day to day duties and responsibilities include (but are not limited to):Designing, building and deploying highly scalable, resilient, performant cloud micro-servicesDeveloping code using various programming and scripting languagesAdhering to approved design plans and coding standardsWorking in an integrated team to continually improve DevOps postureMaintaining responsibility for microservices components ensuring proper standards, testing, and best practices are followedParticipating in the planning, implementation, and growth of microservice footprintWorking with current application teams to understand current analytics and make migration recommendations of analytic microservices to the cloud environmentServing as an expert resource within the development team’s efforts to determine the needs of the business that will simplify and automate the application services as well as make them more efficientProviding guidance and support to less experienced team membersFollowing appropriate implementation and change management proceduresEnsuring appropriate level of documentation is prepared and baselinedReviewing test plans, test files, and scripts for unit testing through integration testingCollaborating with user interface designer(s) to ensure microservices developed to integrate seamlesslyIdentifying complex problems and review related information to develop and evaluate options and implement new onesFocusing on innovating new and better ways to create solutions that add value About Next Century  We were founded as a direct result of the 9/11 attacks and provide solutions that integrate situational awareness, at a glance analysis, decision support, collaboration, and other core capabilities utilizing our expertise in data visualization, user interface design, GIS, image exploitation, and mobile computing.  Who We Are Seeking  At Next Century, we are committed to growing our team of high performers to accomplish our mission of saving lives and protecting our country. We are not a body shop; we avoid staff augmentation, and we are totally committed to excellence in all that we do.  Joining our team is not just a position, but a journey with a team of world-class software engineers who share a passion for using their skills and experience to make a difference.  We are seeking those that hold these traits and beliefs: Passionate about protecting our country and saving livesAware of the concept of a high-performance organization and is committed to achieving themEngineers that desire to work closely with end users to identify the most critical informationDemonstrated passion for learning and curiosity of the world In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.
Overview For over 25 years, Epic Games has been making award winning games and game engine technology that empowers others to make visually stunning games and 3D content that brings environments to life like never before. Epic’s award-winning Unreal Engine technology not only provides game developers the ability to build high-fidelity, interactive experiences for PC, console, mobile, and VR, it is also a tool being embraced by content creators across a variety of industries such as media and entertainment, automotive, and architectural design. As we continue to build our Engine technology and develop remarkable games, we strive to build teams of world-class talent.  Epic Games is searching for a Lead Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET). The person in this role will be an integral part of our online team, advocating for quality and efficiency in all of our testing practices. If you are passionate about improving test coverage and want to assist in raising Epic's Technical QA bar. The person in this role will be responsible for the following:Lead automation efforts across Epic’s Online teamIncrease the quality bar and test coverage of Epic’s online servicesEffectively reuse existing automation or tools, and create both when neededCreate and maintain automated functionality tests for multiple servicesWrite and execute load tests on the scale of many thousands of concurrent usersWork independently across multiple teams, products and services to deliver automationAssist in the review of test plans and automated cases from junior membersProactively communicate with development team during the development cycle and participate in design and documentation of new featuresThe ideal candidate will have a mix of the qualifications below:5+ years writing test automation using Java, C# or other object oriented languageRESTful Web service testing experienceExperience with Continuous Integration systems such as TeamCity or JenkinsStrong understanding of modern test methodologies such as fakes, mocks, and dependency injectionExperience working in an agile development environmentExperience with deployment tool chain a plus (AWS, Docker, Ansible)Experience load testing complex systems with off-the-shelf software such as Gatling or Artillery Please submit your resume and we’ll be in touch soon.  This is going to be Epic!  #LI2
Integration Services Software Test Engineer Pulte Mortgage is looking for an experienced Software Test  Engineer to join our Integration Services team. Our SOA based system provides  the backbone of data exchange and Event Based Architecture between our mortgage  applications. The ideal candidate will have experience testing within Service  Oriented Architecture/Event Driven Architecture environments, including testing  APIs. The test engineer will work closely with the Product Owner, Solution  Architect, Software Engineers and other Agile product team members to deliver  high quality and highly usable products into the hands of our Customers. This  person must be comfortable working within our Agile process, have extreme  attention to detail and be able to work with minimal or changing requirements. Responsibilities: Work as  a team member within our Integration Services agile scrum development process.Help  define strategy for system level testing and test optimization. Create and  maintain test plans, write and execute automated/manual test cases based on  user stories and acceptance criteria, and test reports.Work  independently with agile teams and other technical groups to plan, design,  test, communicate and resolve project issues.Perform  ad-hoc and exploratory testing to find defects before the product is in the  hands of users. Follow up on defects and regressions to improve product quality  and providing input on factors that influence product excellence.Ability  to theorize as to why something might not be working correctly to help  Development in troubleshooting a defect.Find  and thoroughly report bugs, track fixes, and verify bug fixes. Document defects  in TFS tracking system and execute appropriate tests on corrected defects.Experience and Skills Required: 5-8 years of Software Quality Assurance experience testing web, Event Driven Architecture and SOA based applications.Experience creating test strategies and test plans, build comprehensive end to end system functional test protocols, and execute full system-level verification for a software system.Experience working as a key tester or the only test engineer within Sprints.Understanding and experience with all types of testing including functional, regression, system, integration, automated, destructive and smoke testing.Working knowledge of SQL and relational databases, including the ability to create SQL queries.Comfortable with ambiguity and have the technical curiosity to seek root cause of complex issues between multiple software applications.Ability to work with minimal or evolving requirements during the course of a SprintAttention to test detail and accuracy in communicating information to project team members and different levels of management.Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.Comfortable in Agile scrum development environments and cross-functional team structures.Strong work ethic and integrity.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Experience with Mortgage Loan Origination Systems is a plus.Required Education: Bachelor’s degree in a Computer Information Science discipline or equivalent All employees must be committed to fair and nondiscriminatory lending, in conformity with the Equal Credit Opportunity and Fair Housing acts, and to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and company policies. Employees must act responsibly in their efforts to provide financial services to Pulte customers and to provide support to Pulte’s core purposes.Apply
 BackerKit helps thousands of crowdfunding creators all over the world focus on doing what they love. Our software is the premier platform for backer management, empowering project creators to manage their campaigns with confidence.  We are looking for the right person to join our team as a Developer. We’d love to have you help us build and scale the premier backer management platform used by independent creators all over the world. We’re a close-knit team and we focus as much on team member happiness as on the problems that need solving in the world of crowdfunding.  Our team is small and nimble. We work in iterations and purposely avoid thinking too far into the future when deciding what to build. We’ve made it this far by listening to our customers and building what makes sense. As we grow we’ll have to consider the balance of reduced assumptions and increasing capacity and we’re excited for new members to help us find that balance.  We were founded by a developer/designer duo who met while working on Diaspora, the first highly successful crowdfunded open source software project. Our commitment to helping creative people be creative starts with them and drives us every day. ----If you agree with most or all of the following, we’d like to chat with you!----- You’ve spent a couple years working on a fairly large production Rails application recently.  You are great at communicating. You can easily verbalize problems and ideas with developers and non-developers alike.  You have the ability to "look around corners" which allows you to get out in front of problems.  You have experience with or are interested in helping your team members improve their craft. We want to ensure everyone is growing while working on our team.  You enjoy working closely with customers to help them succeed.  You are not afraid to get your hands dirty and do some good old-fashioned schlepping.  You are conscious of your current level of productivity and happiness, and make continual changes to grow. You're also committed to working with your team to let them know what your expectations are and help them grow as well.  You are entrepreneurial. We trust everyone on our team to make bold choices and do what is best to grow the company. ----Here’s how we do what we do----- We make important technical decisions that have sweeping consequences for our customers and the business.  We release early and often.  We provide product input. We are a small team that moves fast, so it is important that you speak you mind and give feedback on how we can make things better/faster/stronger.  We talk to our users. Everyone at BackerKit is customer-facing, and we expect everyone to get to know the project creators we are serving (plus, they are awesome, just like you!). ---Benefits----Competitive salary, stock option plan.Company-based performance bonus.401k.75% medical, dental, vision benefits.Commuter Benefits.Monthly allowance to pledge to crowdfunding projects.Catered lunch three times a week, team dinners once a month, outings.Awesome work environment at a company with a huge vision.Also, we are a dog friendly office!--- We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
BPM Software Test Engineer Pulte Mortgage is looking for an experienced BPM Software  Test Engineer to join our Agile BPM team. Our BPM application drives our  Mortgage Operations process and is integral to processing mortgage loans for  our borrowers. The ideal candidate will have experience testing BPM  applications and testing within Service Oriented Architecture/Event Driven  Architecture environments. The test engineer will work closely with the Product  Owner, Solution Architect, Software Engineers and other Agile product team members  to deliver high quality and highly usable products into the hands of our  Customers. This person must be comfortable working within our Agile process,  have extreme attention to detail and be able to work with minimal requirements. Responsibilities: Work as  a team member within our BPM Agile scrum development processHelp  define strategy for system level testing and test optimization. Create and  maintain test plans, write and execute automated/manual test cases based on user  stories and acceptance criteria, and test reportsWork  independently with agile teams and other technical groups to plan, design,  test, communicate and resolve project issuesPerform  ad-hoc and exploratory testing to find defects before the product is in the  hands of users. Follow up on defects and perform regression to improve product  quality and providing input on factors that influence product excellenceAbility  to theorize as to why something might not be working correctly to help  Development in troubleshooting a defect.Find  and thoroughly report bugs, track fixes, and verify bug fixes. Document defects  in TFS tracking system and execute appropriate tests on corrected defects.Experience and Skills Required: 5-8 years of Software Quality Assurance experience testing BPM and SOA based applications.Experience creating test strategies and test plans, build comprehensive end to end system functional test protocols, and execute full system-level verification for a software system.Experience working as a key tester or the only test engineer within SprintsUnderstanding and experience with all types of testing including functional, regression, system, integration, automated, destructive and smoke testing.Knowledge of SQL and relational databases, including the ability to create SQL queries.Comfortable with ambiguity and have the technical curiosity to seek root cause of complex issues between multiple software applications.Extreme attention to detail and accuracy in communicating information to project team members and different levels of management.Ability to work with minimal or evolving requirements during the course of a SprintStrong analytical and problem-solving skills.Comfortable in Agile scrum development environments and cross-functional team structures.Strong work ethic and integrity.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Experience with Mortgage Loan Origination Systems is a plus.Required Education: Bachelor’s degree in a Computer Information Science discipline or equivalent All employees must be committed to fair and nondiscriminatory lending, in conformity with the Equal Credit Opportunity and Fair Housing acts, and to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and company policies. Employees must act responsibly in their efforts to provide financial services to Pulte customers and to provide support to Pulte’s core purposes.Apply
 Overview  With a rich 40-year history in the areas of financial planning, education and investment services, Ayco develops and assists in implementing holistic financial solutions to help our clients achieve their goals. We believe in the power of human relationships to drive action, and a career with Ayco offers an opportunity to be part of this unique culture of client service. We invest in our associates, care about professional development, and believe in creating many paths of opportunity. Through our supportive, diverse and innovative environment, Ayco is committed to the success of our associates. ResponsibilitiesLead and work within a part of a cross-functional team• Understanding of business needs and requirements• Design and develop software to meet business objectives• Develop, plan for, and lead team to execute on, clearly defined software functionality aligned with identified business objectives• Manage stakeholder expectations for planned immediate, and 6-18 month deliverables• Management of KPIs and Metrics of team performance• Assist in providing estimates for software development work• Follow standard software development guidelines and best practices• Create and maintain test plans, documentation and automated testing routines for all technical changes• Grow technical skillset by seeking out cross-training and knowledge advancement opportunities• Effectively communicate technical and non-technical concepts to business and technology team stakeholders in written and verbal formQualificationsBachelor's degree with a concentration in Computer Science required; Equivalent work experience considered• 2+ years experience leading a cross-functional technology team• Programming background with experience in Object Oriented Analysis and Design concepts• Experience with major programming languages such as C# or Java required• Experience with web technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript or AngularJS is preferred• Experience writing SQL queries• Basic knowledge of XML and JSON is preferred• Knowledge of Source Control Management systems (i.e., SVN, Git)• A basic understanding of common application architecture design patterns (i.e., MVC, MVVM)• Experience working in an Agile environment a plus• Superior verbal and written communication skills• Detail-oriented and able to self-motivate• Able to work in a collaborative team environment• Strong analytical and problem solving skills• Understanding of data modeling concepts• Working knowledge of certain Microsoft products including Word, Excel, Windows, PowerPoint, and Outlook
Principal Software DeveloperWe deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance.This role aligns with the National Insurance Casualty & Specialty Underwriting & Product organization supporting the iUnderwrite development program. The iUnderwrite team is building solutions that support achieving our National Insurance goal of becoming an elite Underwriting organization.As Principal Software Developer for the iUnderwrite program you will provide technical leadership to an Agile delivery team building state-of-the art software for Underwriting end users. You will have the opportunity to work on the latest technologies such as Angular and Java Micro Services in an innovative, fast paced environment.About the job:You will develop applications that perform complex business calculations using your Angular and Java skills. These applications support our Commercial Lines of Business. There are existing Java Web Services that you will be developing enhancements for and you will also be creating new applications using Angular for the front end / UI and Java Micro Services.Desired skills: Java Micro Services  Back End Services  Oracle, DB2 and MySQL Databases  Angular  AWS (Amazon Web Services)  Agile Development Methodologies. We take care of our employees We strongly believe that a great job should keep you happy both at workand in life. Thats why we offer:  · Workplace Flexibility  · Wellness Perks  · Collaborative workspaces  · Sit/stand desks  · Career development, programs and classes  · Diversity & Inclusion programs  · Commuter Benefits  · Adoption Assistance  · College Savings Plan  · Education reimbursement  · Hackathon Events  Liberty Mutual was named as a 2016 Great Place to Work by Great Place to Work US.  For more info about our benefits - https://www.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/working-here/benefits  Learn more about Tech at Liberty Mutual - http://www.jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/technology-jobs Check out our Tech at Liberty Mutual YouTube playlist - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxUNmyJ_IIGx9yoUJfQ8k5APAK3-KAa6j Job: Technology Primary Location: United States-Massachusetts-Boston Schedule: Full-time Salary: $111,600-$144,500 Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years)
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
Preferred candidate will possess the following:Electrical engineering or computer science degreeFamiliarity with the electric industry and ERCOT electricity marketFamiliarity with electricity metering, substation solid state meter operations and configurations, meter data translation and validation, processing, storage and applicationsKnowledge of large electric customer complex billing practices, rate design and rate schedulesKnowledge of ERCOT settlement and related charge types and billing determinantsProficiency in the use of the Microsoft Office suiteProficiency in Windows Desktop and Server Operating SystemsStrong preference for proficiency with Oracle databases, design tools, and operationsStrong preference for experience using Oracle Lodestar rules, language and applicationsStrong preference for experience with Oracle Utilities Energy Information PlatformStrong preference for experience using Microsoft Internet Information ServerStrong preference for experience developing .Net, and ASP.NET applicationsProficiency with scripting languages such as Javascript, Jscript and VBscriptExperience developing web user interfaces, dynamic html, style sheets, xml, xsl, and xsltFamilar with systems architecture and computer networkingThis position will include on-call rotation to provide 24/7 support for the real-time desk. This will be a requirement of the position. At a senior level, develops and modifies complex software application programs from detailed specifications. Gathers user requirements and documents functional and technical specifications as needed. Codes, tests, debugs, documents, maintains and supports a wide variety of software applications and systems based on various development frameworks. Creates detailed system documentation. Evaluates, installs and tests off-the-shelf pre-packaged software. Provides training to end users and system owners as needed. Acts as technical work package manager for portions of projects and project manager for system implementations. Competent to work on all phases of applications programming activities. Provides input to Applications Systems Architect and/or Supv, Software Architecture in designing system architecture for large complex enterprise-wide applications and technical solutions. This position utilizes in-depth knowledge of best practices and experience in own discipline to provide and improve services. Takes a new perspective to solve complex problems. Works independently and receives minimal guidance. Acts as a resource for colleagues with less experience; may direct the work of other staff members. Gathers and documents user requirements and functional/technical specifications for software solutions as needed.Programs, codes, and develops complex software applications based on various development frameworks.Evaluates, installs and performs upgrades of off-the-shelf pre-packaged software in conjunction with business requirements.Rewrites or reworks existing software programs based on new requirements.Maintains existing software programs. Troubleshoots and provides tier 3 user support for software applications.Coordinates software development activities with infrastructure and testing staff.Acts as technical work package manager for portions of projects and may project manage systems implementations. Coordinates software development activities within assigned area of responsibility among multiple staff members.Provides input to the Software Architect in designing system architecture for large, complex enterprise-wide applications and technical solutions.Participates in developing standards for application development.Provides system training to end users/system owners.Trains and provides guidance to less experienced staff.This general overview only includes essential functions of the job and does not imply that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee occupying this position. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instruction and to perform any other job-related duties requested by supervisor or management. Nine or more years of experience in developing and programming/coding software applications with current industry accepted toolsets and languages and support of custom coded software and applications and off-the-shelf pre-packaged software solutions. A degree(s) in computer science or relevant field may be substituted per LCRA guidelines for certain years of experience.
 Overview  Are you an enthusiastic individual looking to help develop software products that integrate with Microsoft Office, Microsoft SharePoint, or Microsoft PowerBI? Join our passionate and talented team of engineers who design and build next generation software that runs on browsers, mobile devices, and workstations in conjunction with cloud-based services.Responsibilities:Create software components that follow industry-standard design patterns, development methodologies, and deployment modelsBuild software that integrates mapping technologies and the Esri cloud platform with Microsoft products including Office, SharePoint, and PowerBIWork in a team environment to design and develop software products and components for the management, manipulation, and display of a wide variety of dataRequirements3+ years of software development experience using C++ and or C#Experience with web technologies (HTML5 and RESTful web services, JavaScript) for developing large web- and desktop-based software solutions and productsA self-driven and quality-focused mindsetExcellent written and verbal communication and organizational skillsAbility to master new technology quickly and to work in a constantly evolving environmentGood understanding of the software development life cycle including Agile software development methodologyBachelor’s or master’s in computer science, information technology, or a related field, or equivalent work experienceRecommended Qualifications:Experience with Esri ArcGIS Enterprise APIs (JavaScript API)Experience with web libraries and technologies (Angular, TypeScript, etc.)Basic knowledge of an RDBMS (Oracle, SQL Server, DB2, etc.)Broad cursory experience with multiple programming languages and operating system environmentsExposure to Microsoft Office, Microsoft PowerBI, or Microsoft Sharepoint in a development environmentUnderstanding of behavior driven development (BDD) The Company  Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them. Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more. Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
 Full time POSITION OVERVIEW: Bloomberg BNA provides legal, tax and compliance professionals with critical information, practical guidance and workflow solutions. We leverage leading technology and a global network of experts to deliver a unique combination of news and authoritative analysis, comprehensive research solutions, innovative practice tools, and proprietary business data and analytics. Bloomberg BNA is an affiliate of Bloomberg L.P., the global business, financial information and news leader.  The Software Engineer Lead under general supervision, will plan design and implement software development for products, product upgrades or research projects. Oversee a team of software engineers providing software designs, estimates, schedules, work tracking, implementation, and software defect resolution. RESPONSIBILITIES:Plan, design, and implement software development for products, product upgrades or research projects:Work with Program Management and Research & Development teams regarding the needs, staffing, timelines, and expectations of project; reviews project progress with management;Review user stories and create a technical design with estimates including implementation risks and benefits;Design and implement software modules to support product changes or enhancements;Ensure that software development team members understand their roles and are able to develop software per architecture, design and technical specifications;Act as engineering liaison for product release cycle;Oversee a distributed team of software engineers and QA providing software designs, estimates, schedules, work tracking, implementation, and software defect resolution:Prioritize, organize, distribute, and coordinate the flow of work;Train, guide, and mentor project staff;Ensure that prescribed policies, procedures, and schedules are followed;Review team members’ progress and evaluate work for completeness, accuracy, and quality;Ensure project team Sprint commitments are completed on-time and with excellent quality;Conduct estimation meetings with team members;Conduct retrospective meetings after completed Sprints;Mentor software design engineers assigned to a project;Participate in special projects and perform other duties as assigned.REQUIREMENTS: 7 + years’ experience in the design, development, and debugging of commercial application software development using modern software engineering practices in a team environment; significant knowledge of modern software design and implementation approaches including patterns, best practices, and tradeoffs; demonstrated exceptional abilities as a software engineer, including the ability to comprehend and solve complex programming and analysis problems using Microsoft and open-source technologies; demonstrated exceptional abilities in data structures, algorithms, object-oriented and functional-based design and programming; demonstrated exceptional abilities in the analysis and debugging of computer software; demonstrated experience with security best practices including familiarity with OWASP guidelines; demonstrated experience with Agile/Scrum process methodology; demonstrated deep expertise with Microsoft and open-source web technologies including HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, C#, C++, Visual Studio and ASP.NET MVC; demonstrated deep expertise with SQL and Microsoft SQL Server; demonstrated deep expertise with software version control best practices & build process technologies including Microsoft Team Foundation Server; demonstrated ability to manage projects and supervise developers in projects including distributed teams; demonstrated exceptional abilities in the analysis of computer software requirements and the mapping of those requirements to existing and new software implementations; demonstrated ability to exercise conflict resolution techniques, recognizing which issues should be escalated to higher management levels for resolution; experience with Agile-based software estimation and tracking in a project team environment; demonstrated ability to write, organize, and edit technical documentation; knowledge of best-practice-based software architectures for enterprise web applications; excellent oral and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate technical information to non-technical users; excellent analytical and logic skills, accuracy, and attention to detail; experience working with distributed teams is preferred. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline. An advanced degree is preferred.  Bloomberg BNA IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER and fully subscribes to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity. Bloomberg BNA has adopted an Affirmative Action Program to ensure that all applicants and employees are considered for hire, promotion, and job status without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, marital or familial status, genetic information, disabled veteran, veteran, veteran of the Vietnam Era, or any other classification protected by law.  Apply Now!
JOB PURPOSE: As a member of the development team, the Software Developer works with various technologies and software, including the Trinisys Business Automation Platform to develop client solutions. Software Developers implement enterprise applications, provide systems support, develop specifications for moderately complex software applications and modify/maintain existing software.  Essential Functions and Responsibilities (other duties as assigned): To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The main areas of responsibility for this position are: Professional ServicesImplements Trinisys-product-based client projectsCreates functional wireframes to help finalize solution definitionsWorks with business and technical analysts to author Trinisys Server-based web formsAdds dynamic UI interaction to Trinisys Server-based web forms using JavaScriptTakes requirements from business analysts and high level designs and patterns from Senior Engineers to implement solutions for our clientsApplies generally accepted programming standards and techniques to assure efficient program logic and data manipulationImplements client specific systems integrations using Trinisys Server scriptingDevelops automated unit testsImplements custom Java-based web applicationsImplements Java-based custom integration actions with the Trinisys PlatformConducts product training sessions with clients as needed , guiding them through platform implementationsSoftware DevelopmentParticipates in coding, testing, debugging, configuring, and documenting systems and softwareProvides software technical documentationQualificationsEducation and/or ExperienceBachelor degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related field or equivalent combination of education and experience. Minimum of three (3) years of programming and/or systems analysis experience are preferredBackground in technologies such as client/server, relational database management systems, object-oriented and distributed object development a plusApplications analysis and design experience a plusComputer Skills Minimum two years programming experience in JSP, JavaScript and SQL. Experience with Hibernate and Spring or similar frameworks. Language Skills Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public. Reasoning Ability Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.  Excellent and creative problem-solving skills. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations None required Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  The employee is frequently required to reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision and ability to adjust focus. Work Enviroment The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  The noise level in the work environment is a quiet, professional office.  Trinisys is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Requisition ID 13442BR Job Title Software Developer Co-op Location California - LitePoint - Sunnyvale HR-CA100 Employment Category Co-Op Full-time Duties & Responsibilities This is a co-op position (duration 3 months) The Software Developer Co-op will be a contributing member of the Manufacturing Technology Group and help in creating SW test solutions for NPI, production and sustaining engineering. The individual will have an opportunity to be exposed to C# environments, source and revision control, and infrastructure development Code development in C#Develop diagnostic and debug software tools for use by engineering, the factory and the fieldContinue to improve software infrastructure, automated testing, and efficiency Basic Qualifications, Experience, Skills & Education Required BA/BS (or equivalent) junior or senior in CS/EEMust work well both independently and with a remote team while maintaining attention to details and qualityExcellent troubleshooting, data analysis, problem solving and reporting skills are essentialAbout LitePoint: LitePoint creates wireless test solutions and services for the world’s most innovative wireless device makers, helping them to ensure their products perform for today's demanding consumers. A leading innovator in wireless testing, LitePoint products come out of the box ready to test the most widely used wireless chipsets in the world. LitePoint works with the leading makers of smartphones, tablets, PCs, wireless access points and chipsets. LitePoint is also at the forefront of testing the burgeoning world of connected devices…the Internet of Things. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, California, and with offices around the world, LitePoint is a wholly owned subsidiary of Teradyne (NYSE: TER), a leading supplier of automation equipment for test and industrial applications. Teradyne had revenue of $1.75 billion in 2016 and currently employs approximately 4,300 people worldwide. Position Subject to ITAR controls No Relocation Available (Some relocation assistance has been approved for this role) Yes Shift 1st

Software DeveloperThis is a great opportunity to join an organization that is a developer’s paradise. This company has managed to continue blazing record growth and need to expand their engineering team to lead the next phase of growth. This role will be working mainly on the backend while being a big part of the team that works on the company’s main technology platform for customers.We are looking for someone that is very passionate about technology, always looking for a challenge, and “love what you do” attitude. If you feel like this describes you, please apply and explore this opportunity further!What you’ll doBeing an influential part in building the technology that makes the company run. The company identifies as a technology company first that drives their consumer product versus the other way aroundThe work this person will be doing is highly visible for the company and having a big input into the development team’s strategies and technologies usedRequired Skills and Experience:3-5+ years of experience working as a Software Engineer – Ideally worked with Python the last couple of years and worked with DjangoAbility to work on the front end with technologies - JavaScript (they use ReactJS),Experience working with relational databases - They use PostgreSQL, but ok w/SQl Server or other backgroundsExperience working on the server-side development w/Node.js and Java Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment and good understanding of the methodologiesNice to have:Mobile Experience
Front-End Software Developer The Front-End Software Engineer is responsible for building the client-side of the WeGoLook web applications. Translating the company and clients needs into functional and appealing interactive applications. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONSStrong client-side coding skills and experience using Web standards (W3C)Understanding of accessibility standardsAbility to create clean, organized, and modular HTML and CSS code, leveraging current techniques, tools, and librariesExperience implementing styles that work across many browsers and devicesExperience developing modern JavaScript code for production environments, using common librariesAbility to use AJAX with RESTful APIsKnowledge of SASS, LESS, or other CSS preprocessorExperience with grid layouts, media queries, and other responsive techniquesExperience refactoring existing code to improve readability, code reuse, performance, and maintainabilityCOMPETENCIESExperience developing progressively enhanced Web experiencesFamiliarity with JavaScript testing toolsUnderstanding of functional programming paradigmsExperience optimizing performance, such as time to first paintExperience with Service WorkersPosition Type and Expected Hours of WorkFull-time positionThis job requires the candidate to be in the Oklahoma City officeRequired Education and ExperienceBachelors Degree preferred1 to 4 years of experience in a relevant area
About the job We're makers. We believe the job of a development team is more than just writing code. We are here to create experiences which delight our customers, this is always our top priority.  We're a fully distributed company with a high degree of autonomy and no office space. At Articulate you'll work closely with an awesome team of developers, designers and writers to increase our web presence and improve our community.  The ideal person for this job is a multitalented software developer with a good eye. This person sweats the details, focuses on quality results instead of effort and sees problems as opportunities to learn and level up as a team. Solid gif skills and emoji game are big bonus.  Here's a smattering of tech you'll be working with: Rails, React, Node.js, Babel, CSS, Elasticsearch, GitHub, Slack About the company Articulate is a highly successful, fully remote software company thats changing the way the world learns. Our award-winning e-learning tools are used by 78,000+ organizations across the globe to create engaging online and mobile courses. Our customers include 93 of the Fortune 100 and 19 of the top 20 U.S. universities. And our online community of 550,000+ members is the largest, fastest-growing community in the industry.  We empower employees to thrive by fostering a culture of autonomy, productivity, and respect. Were all free to exercise our crafts the best way we know how to reach our goals as individuals and teams. Each and every one of us is focused on producing results that directly impact the companys success. And we all strive to do whats right by people, both internally and externally, instead of taking the shortest route to the highest profits.  We honor peoples humanity in all of our disparate experiences and social locations, accepting each person as an individual with a story worth listening to and honoring. We believe that honoring everyones humanity means being committed to equity and justice. We welcome different voices and viewpoints and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, physical and/or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, age, sexual orientation, and military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an equal opportunity employer and invite applicants to voluntarily disclose their race and gender on our application form to help us create a diverse company. This voluntarily disclosed information will not be shared with any hiring manager and will be keep in confidence by the Articulate human resources department and executives who are not hiring for this position. Learn more about our culture.
 Join our Family  Stride aspires to reflect the diversity of the teams and clients we serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to better outcomes for our clients. As a values-driven company, we look for individuals who value honesty, humility, respect, learning from failure, and helping others. Were looking for senior full stack developers comfortable with a wide variety of programming languages and frameworks who enjoy mentoring and have an eye for process. Stride developers, also known as Striders, embed with tech teams exclusively in New York City (you read that right, no travel) to help them be their best while writing code alongside them. Our goal is to leave our client-teams functioning at a higher level than when we found them. Most of our work is with Agile teams who write code in modern tech stacks such as Ruby on Rails, React, Python, Scala, Java8, Elixir and more.  Were bootstrapped and profitable so we dont have a board of directors to answer to or investors who need to make a return. This means we are in control of our growth and can do so at a pace that sustains our culture and prioritizes the happiness of our consultants.  What youll be doing: You will embed with tech teams in some of Manhattans most exciting startup and mid-market companies to help them up their game while getting stuff done.Youll be an advocate for non-dogmatic Agile software developmentYoull mentor teams on the value of software development best practices like Test Driven Development (TDD), Pair Programming, Collective Code Ownership, Continuous Deployment, and Continuous ImprovementYou will be the reason your client teams are higher performing on your last day with them than they were on your first day. What we expect from you: At least 4 years of professional software development experienceProficient in multiple programming languages and able to quickly gain proficiency in unfamiliar languagesCan guide team strategyCan see projects through from inception to deploymentExperience teaching TDD, story estimation, test writing, and effective pair programming What you can expect from us: Awesome culture - We have a 5 star rating on Glassdoor and are one of Crains 100 best places to work in NYCNo travelCompetitive Pay and Benefits (including Profit Sharing!)Youll work at a self-defined Sustainable PaceStride will invest $2,000 and up to two weeks of your time in self-directed professional development
Job DescriptionDeveloper for AssureNow integration in Erisson Cloud Manager for vCPE NetworksDevelop SDN cloud management software using Java/PerlIntegrate with multiple vendor APIsAdvise on architecture for Virtualization, AssureNow, ECM, othersManage workload using Agile methodology via JiraSupport AssureNow/OpenStack environment of over 45 servers and 100 instances.Advise other team members on Code/Openstack/Linux/Erisson issuesProvide certification support to manage customer devices in order to meet contractual deadlines7-10 years of experience Contact DetailsName: Vishal Trivedi Email : vishal.trivedi@rangam.com Phone: 908-704-8843 ✖ 435 

Find your extraordinary side. Northside Hospital Health Care System is a state-of-the-art setting for patients, and for you.  With three cutting-edge acute care hospitals --- in Atlanta, Canton, and Cumming, Georgia --- and more  than 150 locations throughout the State of Georgia, we are leading the way in your backyard and across the country.  Consider the numbers: 868-bed, not-for-profit providerNearly 2 million patient visits annuallyA renowned team that includes more than 2,500 physicians and 15,000 employees We lead the nation in newborn deliveries, perform the most robotic surgeries, and diagnose and treat the most cancer cases in the state.  Learn more about our expansion, full range of medical services, and our extraordinary career  opportunities at www.northside.com. Facility Overview:  Northside Hospital Discover what’s possible.See what’s inside. Discovering what’s possible at Northside Hospital in Atlanta, Georgia --- it’s something our patients and team members do every day.  Our reputation as one of Georgia’s fastest growing healthcare institutions and our state-of-the-art, award-winning work environment are well-known. But what resonates most with our people is the way we balance clinical excellence with compassionate care, support real work/life balance, and how close they feel to their co-workers.  Our 852-bed, not-for-profit, full-service hospital does more than serve our community.  We’re a market leader in Women's Services, Maternity and Newborn Services, Surgery, Robotic Surgery, and Cancer Care.  Proud to have been voted “Atlanta's Most Preferred Hospital for All Health Care Needs" by  consumers for more than 16 years. We are pleased to offer our people great pay, benefits, and a pension plan.  We are a state-of-the-art setting for opportunity, top quality health care, and you.  Ready to make a difference --- and a better living? Find your extraordinary side with Northside Hospital today! Service Area Overview:  Northside Hospital’s Information Systems Department is on the leading edge of providing information technology in a healthcare setting. We connect healthcare professionals with the tools, technology and information they need to provide high quality, compassionate care. We manage and support all aspects of planning, design, implementation and operation of cost-effective information technologies and methodologies. The department promotes and carries out Best Practices in systems integration for the three major Northside facilities and numerous physician practices. In addition to system builds, Information Systems supports network infrastructures, servers, data storage, conventional and wireless connectivity, security, PCs and peripherals devices which directly and positively affect the end users, resulting in improved Patient Care. Join Northside Hospital for a rewarding career in the growing healthcare information systems profession!  Position Description:  Implements, maintains, and supports all system interfaces at Northside Hospital. Monitors the Interface Manager system and all point-to-point interfaces on a regular basis.  Maintains complete, accurate, and up-to-date documentation for all interfaces.  Maintains a working knowledge of all interfaced applications.Position Requirements: REQUIRED:Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Business, or related technical field.Two (2) or more years programming experience, preferably in UNIX environment.Previous experience working in team environment.Strong communications and analytical skillsKnowledge of network communication protocols, such as TCP/IP and DNS.PREFERRED:Cloverleaf Interface Engine -- Level I and/or Level II Certification.Two (2) or more years experience with interface development and supportExperience working with Health Level 7 (HL7) standard interface protocol.Excellent analytical and technical troubleshooting skills.Excellent communications and customer service skills.Knowledge of UNIX and other computer technologies (e.g., PCs, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office, network communication protocols, software installation).  Licensure/Certification Requirements:No  Work Hours:8a-4:30p  Weekend Requirements:No  On-Call Requirements: No WANT THE INSIDE STORY? Our team members report that our state-of-the-art environment, work/life balance, reputation as a leader both locally and nationally, continuing education offerings, growth opportunities, and pay/benefits/pension plan are why they chose --- and chose to stay with --- Northside Hospital.  Contact us today to learn more about careers at Northside. Side by side, there’s nothing we can’t achieve!  RP Code:  12C
Job DetailsLevel ExperiencedJob Location Dallas - Dallas, TXPosition Type Full TimeEducation Level 4 Year DegreeSalary Range UndisclosedTravel Percentage NegligibleJob Shift DayJob Category Information TechnologyDescriptionDescription Do you want to write code and build a product that is used by millions across the country? Then you should be a part of one of the fast growing technology companies in the country. Our systems utilize a variety of platforms including web and windows based technologies. Join us at Paycom and use your coding experience to solve unique and challenging problems and find out what it’s like to take your career to the next level! Position Purpose Provide high-paced software development for both internal and external projects where strong verbal and written communications skills are necessary. External projects will integrate our products and services with outside entities (vendors, clients, and other third parties). Most projects will need utilize strong organizational skills along with payroll, accounting, or benefit industry knowledge.  Software developers will work in a team environment to support and extend Paycom’s list of product offerings. In doing so, they may be exposed to multiple areas of software development and computing such as: Web Software DevelopmentWindows Software DevelopmentDatabase design and SQLComponent technologies (ex. COM, EJB, etc.)Integration and exchange protocols (ex. XML, Soap, etc.)RESPONSIBILITIESSoftware development of variety projects ranging from industry-wide services to client-specific reports resulting in EDI (Electronic Data Interchange) and other interfacing technologies.Collaborate with team of developers, production support, customer support, clients, and vendors on software projects of all sizes.Will need to work in close communication with outside entities (clients, vendors, and third parties) as though they are teammates in any project.Perform the quality assurance and integration testing for projects after development is completed and before projects are deployed.Manage and track communications with client/vendor, being primary project contact for some projects.Adhere to the organizational processes and the tracking of project metrics, including financials and projects statuses.Regular attendance as requiredPerforms other duties as assignedQualificationsEducation/Certification:A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related fieldExperience Required:Must have prior experience using at least 3 other software development tools and architectures. Must show multi-programming language capabilities in job history. OR Some experience in payroll, financial, benefits, or banking software.Business familiarity with 401(k) plans, income deferrals, and payroll taxes.Experience in Supply Chain and Business Application systems (ERP) and terminology.Skills and Abilities:Demonstrated SQL programming and/or database experience. Ability to integrate multiple databases.Very strong communication and organizational skills with strong attention to both detail and process.Demonstrated skills with project management tools and methodologies, software development lifecycle, and problem solving.Demonstrated ability to manage multiple concurrent projects. Ability to meet stated customer initiated deadlines.Ability to demonstrate thorough business accounting understanding, specifically general ledger transactions.Paycom provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, military and veteran status, age, physical and mental disability, genetic characteristics, or any other considerations made unlawful by applicable state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Paycom expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, military and veteran status, age, physical and mental disability, or genetic characteristics.
System Administrator/Database Administrator/Dev Ops/Developer $80,000-$95,000Captify Health partners with physicians to empower patients to take control of their healthcare. We have developed tools that deliver smarter communication tailored to each patient’s preferred means of communication to provide the information they need, to the device that suits their lifestyle best.Description: If you are looking for an opportunity to be a part of an entrepreneurial organization, this is the role for you. This is a key role in our organization. This person acts as the go-to for the day to operations of our technology systems, as well as working with the executive team to continuously develop key technologies to support Captify’s growth. This individual works closely with consultants and technology partners to accomplish team and company goals. Maintaining Microsoft Dynamics CRM and integrated applicationsParticipating in a team-oriented environment to develop complex web-based applicationsMaintaining existing codebase, to include troubleshooting bugs and adding new featuresConverting data from various formats (Excel, Access, etc.) into developed databasesRequired Skills:A Bachelor’s degree or certification in related discipline2-5 years’ experience working in a similar roleKnowledge of .NET, Visual Studio, C#, XML, JavaScript, AWS EC2, MSSQL 2008(+), MySQLExtensive knowledge of Dynamics CRM Administration or similar Database AdministrationExperience with Microsoft development technologies, including the .NET framework 4.0 as well as a solid understanding of Object Oriented Design and Programming.Familiar with REST based web services and JSON data structures.Knowledge of cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility.Comfortable learning and utilizing third-party APIs.Familiar with version control systemsA strategic thinker that can technically executeAn individual that understands databases, data integrity, and data analyticsAbility to learn new software systems quickly with minimal documentationSomeone that can wear multiple hats in an organization, and enjoys itProblem solverAbility to translate technical details to non-technical clients. (Internal and External)Desired Skills:Electronic Medical Record Databases Architecture and Design: EMRExperience with SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)Experience with Dynamics 365 (online)
 The position is based at the San Jose, CA Headquarter, and reports to the Director of IT. Job Responsibilities:Hands-on coding, testing, and scripting in a Linux environmentPrepare new systems for launch, including load testing and other operational tasksDebug existing problems, while rapidly iterating on existing functionalityProactively identify areas for improvement and act as a responsive 'service owner'Come up with data models for new integrations that meet both internal and external application requirementsPlan for growth and design for scalabilityWork with technologies that include Linux, Java, relational databasesHelp define and use generalized system services and components and the supporting data modelsDesign and implement using a reusable component architectureWrite automated tests to ensure proper functionality of implementation and allow for confident refactoringHelp to create and enforce coding and process standards for application developmentPlan, schedule and execute assignments to milestonesFix bugs, implement enhancements and work with the customer support organization in the resolution of customer issuesInteract and communicate effectively across the engineering organization, specifically with Product Management and QA during the design and implementation phases, and with documentation, training and customer support throughoutAct with a sense of urgency to achieve critical milestones and resolve issues Qualifications:BS/MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent2+ years’ experience in software developmentFamiliar with SQL, PHP, JavaScript, Pearl and ShellExperience with Linux, UnixExperience with multi-threading, real-time processing and network communication (TCP, UDP)Must possess excellent interpersonal, communication, and problem-solving skills and work well in a team environment and well as independentlyMust possess the ability to quickly adapt in a dynamic environment and handle multiple projects simultaneouslyDemonstrated ability to quickly grasp new conceptsFluent in Chinese is a big plus
 HID Global takes innovative approaches to helping organizations and governments become more secure and productive by protecting the people, data and things most important to them. We offer integrated solutions for creating, managing and using trusted identities, differentiated by a convenient and remarkable user experience.  HID Global is the trusted source for innovative products, services, solutions, and know-how related to the creation, management, and use of secure identities for millions of customers around the world. The company’s served markets include physical and logical access control, including strong authentication and credential management; card printing and personalization; visitor management systems; highly secure government and citizen ID; and identification RFID technologies used in animal ID and industry and logistics applications. The company’s primary brands include ActivID®, EasyLobby®, FARGO®, IdenTrust®, LaserCard®, Lumidigm®, and HID®. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, HID Global has over 3,000 employees worldwide and operates international offices that support more than 100 countries. HID Global® is an ASSA ABLOY Group brand. For more information, visit www.hidglobal.com.  The Issuance and Fulfillment Solution team is looking for a Staff Engineer with industrial software experience tasked with designing and implementing custom provisioning and issuance solutions and applications, leveraging HID infrastructures and core technologies. The qualified candidate will bring software application-level development experience and expertise that will be applied for implementing customer-specific provisioning services. The assigned projects will relate to Readers, Controller Panels and Printers product lines.This position is for a team player that will be part of a global development team which focuses on custom issuances services, from feasibility through implementation, working with internal and external customers. Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.Responsibilities:Contribute to design and architectural choicesHandles implementations of customer-specific provisioning requirementsHandles the full development/validation/documentation cyclesImplement/integrate software components from low level API driving hardware encoders to backend web-services.Coach/Mentor other engineers involved in the projectsWork on full life-cycle software development of both web and non-web based applications used in production for provisioning and monitoring activitiesWork in a collaborative team using Agile methodologyInteract with engineering both for hardware or software aspect to improve on the integration and manufacturability of the products on our production lineWork with pre-sales, product managers, operations and technology teams to pro-actively implement industrial provisioning solutionsKeep tight deadlines for software enhancements to match product development schedules Education and/or ExperienceTo perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Past experience in data processing and enrichments using cryptographic devicesPast experience with low-level communication protocols (RFID or smartcards)Knowledge of industry standards: ISO7816, ISO14443 or ISO15693 requiredPast experience with software developments used in industrial environmentIndustrial solution development experience requiredHands-on past experience supporting key management practices or securityCard Management and Lifecycle systems experience is appreciatedMust have a strong passion for software design and developmentMust have working experience with the following technologies:Programming languages: C#, Java, Groovy, JavascriptData languages such as XML, ASN.1 or JSON.Relational databases: ODBC, SQl, PostgresDevelopment environment: Microsoft Visual Studio and EclipseMust have working experience with source control management toolsExperienced in full SDLC (Software development life cycle) which includes System / Information Engineering, Software Requirements gathering, Systems Analysis and Design, Code Generation, Testing, implementation, maintenance and documentation. Education and/or ExperienceMinimum of Master Degree in Computer Science or Electrical EngineeringMinimum of 10 years of hands-on development experienceMinimum of 5 years of software design experience Market KnowledgeHardware related programming expertise (JTAG, RS232, RS485)Embedded software developmentHardware design experienceApplied cryptography, device authenticationCryptographic-based data enrichmentsSoftware Development in .Net (C#) Language SkillsAbility to effectively communicate in the English language, both verbally and in writing.Ability to read and interpret technical journals, specifications, international technical standards, etc. Computer SkillsProficient in MS Office applications, such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.Familiar with operating systems, such as Windows, etc. Work EnvironmentThe work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Employee works primarily in an office environment, within a well ventilated area, and is exposed to moderate noise levels. Work RequirementsCompliance to all relevant HID Global policies and procedures related to Quality, Security, Safety, Business Continuity, and Environmental systems.Travel and fieldwork, including international travel may be required. Therefore employee must possess, or can acquire a valid passport.Must be legally eligible to work in the Country in which you are hired.  HID Global is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Minorities/Female/Disabled/Veteran  If you have a disability which limits your ability to apply online, please contact us at lcampilongo@hidglobal.com, to submit your expression of interest in a position with our Company.
 We are the leading artificial intelligence computing company and are paving the way with innovations in self-driving cars, machine learning, supercomputing, gaming and visualization.  NVIDIA gives automakers, tier-1 suppliers, automotive research institutions, and start-ups the power and flexibility to develop and deploy breakthrough artificial intelligence systems for self-driving vehicles. Our unified computing architecture enables training deep neural networks in the data center, and then seamlessly runs them on NVIDIA Drive PX 2 inside the vehicle. Today, we are working with over 80 partners that are using our platform in the development of autonomous cars, trucks, shuttles, and taxis. What you’ll be doing:You will be working on our Automotive Graphics software stack, responsible for the development of our graphics system software, including safety-critical code.Providing technical leadership for team members working on graphics software, developing drivers, and hardening the system for production.Planning and executing on multiple projects with changing priorities and requirements.Design and implementation of Vulkan, OpenGL ES, and EGL drivers to support new HW features in collaboration with other software teams.Loves driving designs, architecture, new feature definition and process improvements within and outside of the team.What we need to see:BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering.You have five plus years work experience with modern 3D graphics APIs like OpenGL, OpenGL-ES, Vulkan, or Direct3D.You have a strong software engineering, architecture, and design skills (8+ years).You will need to have excellent C/C++ programming and debugging skills combined with a dedication to solve hard problems.A deep understanding of 2D/3D graphics fundamentals.You have excellent analytical, communication and inter-personal skills. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Are you experienced with ISO 26262 software certification or Automotive SPICE?Do you have experience with the Agile development methodology?An in-depth knowledge of GPU and CPU architecture is a plusExperience with X11, Wayland, or similar window systems.Experience with ARM CPU architecture and hardware considerations (memory controllers, buses, caches, etc.).Flexibility to work and communicate effectively in a multinational, multi-time-zone corporate environment. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us and due to unprecedented growth, our premier engineering teams are rapidly growing fast. If you're creative, autonomous and enjoy having fun, then what are you waiting for, apply today!  NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
Diversity Statement Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information  U.S. Citizenship Required. QualificationsEducation and ExperienceBachelor's degree in related discipline plus 8 to 10 years of directly related experience or a Master's degree and 6 years of experience. Professional certification(s) may be required.In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for more than 15 years applicable work experience. Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience for positions involving new technology or labor market shortages as reflected by market survey data.Knowledge, Skills, Abilities Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a security clearance of an appropriate level which may be required after employment. Strong analytical skills and attention to detail.Ability to communicate highly complex software concepts effectively.Strong knowledge of the principles, practices, and procedures used in software and systems development.Experience with software development tools and programming languages.Responsibilities/QualificationPosition SummaryLeads the analysis, design, development, testing, debugging and implementation of highly complex software application programs in support of distinct product hardware or technical service lines of business.Duties and ResponsibilitiesDefines specifications for highly complex software programming applications and/or oversees the maintenance of existing programs to ensure continued performance and compliance with current guidelines and standards.Performs all necessary aspects of the programming phase of software development including coding, testing, debugging and documenting using current guidelines and standards.Develops architecture requirements and performance standards to meet customer specifications.Leads the analysis and development of test plans. Tests assigned components and units, provides test results and recommends corrections.Identifies and directs resolution of highly complex hardware/software interface issues or other technical problems.Researches and develops prospective applications and products and maintains current knowledge of relevant technologies.Authors or assists in the writing and/or presentation of briefings (reports on analyses, findings, and project progress), project or task plans, system specification manuals, technical reports and user manuals.Leads the preparation of technical proposals.Provides work leadership to lower level employees. Performs additional duties and responsibilities as assigned.
 You are smart and savvy AND you're also ready to get to the next level of your career. We can help you.  First, and most importantly, we look for developers who exemplify our cultural core values: put customers first, team over self, glass half full, focus on results, bias towards action. We all love getting up in the morning and coming to work. We want you to as well. Do you have a history of:Regularly shipping quality finished code into the wild.Creating full features, relatively unsupervised.Valuing autonomy and ownership of your work.Maintaining a constructive peer review environment.Prioritizing customer experience above all else.Pushing to constantly improve your craft through technology or process.Collectively taking ownership & pride in the product.We care more about software engineering concepts than specific language wars, but our particular technology flavors are:Ruby on Rails API and an AngularJS single page front-end application. We also have been dabbling into Elixir, ReactJS and Redux. We're pretty heavy into ActiveModel Serializers, Sidekiq, Factory Girls, RSpec, Capybara, UI Router, and Restangular too for what it is worth.We do continuous integration and continuous deployment. New code goes live dozens of times a day.We write tests extensively. Tests that help us think out code design and protect ourselves allowing us to ultimately move faster.We run everything currently using AWS Services namely: VPC, EC2, S3, RDS (postgres), Route53, IAM, CloudWatch, Elasticache, Elasticsearch Service, OpsWorks and CloudFormation. You absolutely do not need to know everything about them. We have an amazing operations team.We have a service-oriented architecture. We have a single client facing platform supported by around 9 other services, an internal API to connect them, and an external API for partners. It allows us to keep codebases smaller, optimize more specifically, and explore new technologies with isolation.Here's why we think you should come work with us:You get to work with a group that believes in "Code that sells. People that care."You will join North America's 7th fastest growing company according to the Deloitte Fast 500.You will become part of an amazing culture with compassionate leadership and smart teammates.You will work in an inclusive work environment from leadership to individual contributors.You can choose to grow in either technology or management tracks. We have a technology track!You have direct one-on-one acccess to your manager every week. Guranteed.You will work with many amazing developers and have opportunities to learn and teach everyday.You will actually get ample opportunties to pair program. We believe in it.We pay well and take care of all the important benefits, but it likely won't be your highest paying offer.You'll advance in a high-growth company building a high-traction product. Our ARR doubled last quarter.You will get to work on challenging projects using modern technology and ship real code.You will unlock more of your potential here than you will anywhere else.
Overview For over 25 years, Epic Games has been making award winning games and game engine technology that empowers others to make visually stunning games and 3D content that brings environments to life like never before. Epic’s award-winning Unreal Engine technology not only provides game developers the ability to build high-fidelity, interactive experiences for PC, console, mobile, and VR, it is also a tool being embraced by content creators across a variety of industries such as media and entertainment, automotive, and architectural design. As we continue to build our Engine technology and develop remarkable games, we strive to build teams of world-class talent.  Epic Games is searching for a Lead Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET). The person in this role will be an integral part of our online team, advocating for quality and efficiency in all of our testing practices. If you are passionate about improving test coverage and want to assist in raising Epic's Technical QA bar. The person in this role will be responsible for the following:Lead automation efforts across Epic’s Online teamIncrease the quality bar and test coverage of Epic’s online servicesEffectively reuse existing automation or tools, and create both when neededCreate and maintain automated functionality tests for multiple servicesWrite and execute load tests on the scale of many thousands of concurrent usersWork independently across multiple teams, products and services to deliver automationAssist in the review of test plans and automated cases from junior membersProactively communicate with development team during the development cycle and participate in design and documentation of new featuresThe ideal candidate will have a mix of the qualifications below:5+ years writing test automation using Java, C# or other object oriented languageRESTful Web service testing experienceExperience with Continuous Integration systems such as TeamCity or JenkinsStrong understanding of modern test methodologies such as fakes, mocks, and dependency injectionExperience working in an agile development environmentExperience with deployment tool chain a plus (AWS, Docker, Ansible)Experience load testing complex systems with off-the-shelf software such as Gatling or Artillery Please submit your resume and we’ll be in touch soon.  This is going to be Epic!  #LI2
 BackerKit helps thousands of crowdfunding creators all over the world focus on doing what they love. Our software is the premier platform for backer management, empowering project creators to manage their campaigns with confidence.  We are looking for the right person to join our team as a Developer. We’d love to have you help us build and scale the premier backer management platform used by independent creators all over the world. We’re a close-knit team and we focus as much on team member happiness as on the problems that need solving in the world of crowdfunding.  Our team is small and nimble. We work in iterations and purposely avoid thinking too far into the future when deciding what to build. We’ve made it this far by listening to our customers and building what makes sense. As we grow we’ll have to consider the balance of reduced assumptions and increasing capacity and we’re excited for new members to help us find that balance.  We were founded by a developer/designer duo who met while working on Diaspora, the first highly successful crowdfunded open source software project. Our commitment to helping creative people be creative starts with them and drives us every day. ----If you agree with most or all of the following, we’d like to chat with you!----- You’ve spent a couple years working on a fairly large production Rails application recently.  You are great at communicating. You can easily verbalize problems and ideas with developers and non-developers alike.  You have the ability to "look around corners" which allows you to get out in front of problems.  You have experience with or are interested in helping your team members improve their craft. We want to ensure everyone is growing while working on our team.  You enjoy working closely with customers to help them succeed.  You are not afraid to get your hands dirty and do some good old-fashioned schlepping.  You are conscious of your current level of productivity and happiness, and make continual changes to grow. You're also committed to working with your team to let them know what your expectations are and help them grow as well.  You are entrepreneurial. We trust everyone on our team to make bold choices and do what is best to grow the company. ----Here’s how we do what we do----- We make important technical decisions that have sweeping consequences for our customers and the business.  We release early and often.  We provide product input. We are a small team that moves fast, so it is important that you speak you mind and give feedback on how we can make things better/faster/stronger.  We talk to our users. Everyone at BackerKit is customer-facing, and we expect everyone to get to know the project creators we are serving (plus, they are awesome, just like you!). ---Benefits----Competitive salary, stock option plan.Company-based performance bonus.401k.75% medical, dental, vision benefits.Commuter Benefits.Monthly allowance to pledge to crowdfunding projects.Catered lunch three times a week, team dinners once a month, outings.Awesome work environment at a company with a huge vision.Also, we are a dog friendly office!--- We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 Overview  With a rich 40-year history in the areas of financial planning, education and investment services, Ayco develops and assists in implementing holistic financial solutions to help our clients achieve their goals. We believe in the power of human relationships to drive action, and a career with Ayco offers an opportunity to be part of this unique culture of client service. We invest in our associates, care about professional development, and believe in creating many paths of opportunity. Through our supportive, diverse and innovative environment, Ayco is committed to the success of our associates. ResponsibilitiesLead and work within a part of a cross-functional team• Understanding of business needs and requirements• Design and develop software to meet business objectives• Develop, plan for, and lead team to execute on, clearly defined software functionality aligned with identified business objectives• Manage stakeholder expectations for planned immediate, and 6-18 month deliverables• Management of KPIs and Metrics of team performance• Assist in providing estimates for software development work• Follow standard software development guidelines and best practices• Create and maintain test plans, documentation and automated testing routines for all technical changes• Grow technical skillset by seeking out cross-training and knowledge advancement opportunities• Effectively communicate technical and non-technical concepts to business and technology team stakeholders in written and verbal formQualificationsBachelor's degree with a concentration in Computer Science required; Equivalent work experience considered• 2+ years experience leading a cross-functional technology team• Programming background with experience in Object Oriented Analysis and Design concepts• Experience with major programming languages such as C# or Java required• Experience with web technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript or AngularJS is preferred• Experience writing SQL queries• Basic knowledge of XML and JSON is preferred• Knowledge of Source Control Management systems (i.e., SVN, Git)• A basic understanding of common application architecture design patterns (i.e., MVC, MVVM)• Experience working in an Agile environment a plus• Superior verbal and written communication skills• Detail-oriented and able to self-motivate• Able to work in a collaborative team environment• Strong analytical and problem solving skills• Understanding of data modeling concepts• Working knowledge of certain Microsoft products including Word, Excel, Windows, PowerPoint, and Outlook
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
 Overview  Are you an enthusiastic individual looking to help develop software products that integrate with Microsoft Office, Microsoft SharePoint, or Microsoft PowerBI? Join our passionate and talented team of engineers who design and build next generation software that runs on browsers, mobile devices, and workstations in conjunction with cloud-based services.Responsibilities:Create software components that follow industry-standard design patterns, development methodologies, and deployment modelsBuild software that integrates mapping technologies and the Esri cloud platform with Microsoft products including Office, SharePoint, and PowerBIWork in a team environment to design and develop software products and components for the management, manipulation, and display of a wide variety of dataRequirements3+ years of software development experience using C++ and or C#Experience with web technologies (HTML5 and RESTful web services, JavaScript) for developing large web- and desktop-based software solutions and productsA self-driven and quality-focused mindsetExcellent written and verbal communication and organizational skillsAbility to master new technology quickly and to work in a constantly evolving environmentGood understanding of the software development life cycle including Agile software development methodologyBachelor’s or master’s in computer science, information technology, or a related field, or equivalent work experienceRecommended Qualifications:Experience with Esri ArcGIS Enterprise APIs (JavaScript API)Experience with web libraries and technologies (Angular, TypeScript, etc.)Basic knowledge of an RDBMS (Oracle, SQL Server, DB2, etc.)Broad cursory experience with multiple programming languages and operating system environmentsExposure to Microsoft Office, Microsoft PowerBI, or Microsoft Sharepoint in a development environmentUnderstanding of behavior driven development (BDD) The Company  Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them. Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more. Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Full time POSITION OVERVIEW: Bloomberg BNA provides legal, tax and compliance professionals with critical information, practical guidance and workflow solutions. We leverage leading technology and a global network of experts to deliver a unique combination of news and authoritative analysis, comprehensive research solutions, innovative practice tools, and proprietary business data and analytics. Bloomberg BNA is an affiliate of Bloomberg L.P., the global business, financial information and news leader.  The Software Engineer Lead under general supervision, will plan design and implement software development for products, product upgrades or research projects. Oversee a team of software engineers providing software designs, estimates, schedules, work tracking, implementation, and software defect resolution. RESPONSIBILITIES:Plan, design, and implement software development for products, product upgrades or research projects:Work with Program Management and Research & Development teams regarding the needs, staffing, timelines, and expectations of project; reviews project progress with management;Review user stories and create a technical design with estimates including implementation risks and benefits;Design and implement software modules to support product changes or enhancements;Ensure that software development team members understand their roles and are able to develop software per architecture, design and technical specifications;Act as engineering liaison for product release cycle;Oversee a distributed team of software engineers and QA providing software designs, estimates, schedules, work tracking, implementation, and software defect resolution:Prioritize, organize, distribute, and coordinate the flow of work;Train, guide, and mentor project staff;Ensure that prescribed policies, procedures, and schedules are followed;Review team members’ progress and evaluate work for completeness, accuracy, and quality;Ensure project team Sprint commitments are completed on-time and with excellent quality;Conduct estimation meetings with team members;Conduct retrospective meetings after completed Sprints;Mentor software design engineers assigned to a project;Participate in special projects and perform other duties as assigned.REQUIREMENTS: 7 + years’ experience in the design, development, and debugging of commercial application software development using modern software engineering practices in a team environment; significant knowledge of modern software design and implementation approaches including patterns, best practices, and tradeoffs; demonstrated exceptional abilities as a software engineer, including the ability to comprehend and solve complex programming and analysis problems using Microsoft and open-source technologies; demonstrated exceptional abilities in data structures, algorithms, object-oriented and functional-based design and programming; demonstrated exceptional abilities in the analysis and debugging of computer software; demonstrated experience with security best practices including familiarity with OWASP guidelines; demonstrated experience with Agile/Scrum process methodology; demonstrated deep expertise with Microsoft and open-source web technologies including HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, C#, C++, Visual Studio and ASP.NET MVC; demonstrated deep expertise with SQL and Microsoft SQL Server; demonstrated deep expertise with software version control best practices & build process technologies including Microsoft Team Foundation Server; demonstrated ability to manage projects and supervise developers in projects including distributed teams; demonstrated exceptional abilities in the analysis of computer software requirements and the mapping of those requirements to existing and new software implementations; demonstrated ability to exercise conflict resolution techniques, recognizing which issues should be escalated to higher management levels for resolution; experience with Agile-based software estimation and tracking in a project team environment; demonstrated ability to write, organize, and edit technical documentation; knowledge of best-practice-based software architectures for enterprise web applications; excellent oral and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate technical information to non-technical users; excellent analytical and logic skills, accuracy, and attention to detail; experience working with distributed teams is preferred. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline. An advanced degree is preferred.  Bloomberg BNA IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER and fully subscribes to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity. Bloomberg BNA has adopted an Affirmative Action Program to ensure that all applicants and employees are considered for hire, promotion, and job status without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, marital or familial status, genetic information, disabled veteran, veteran, veteran of the Vietnam Era, or any other classification protected by law.  Apply Now!
Requisition ID 13442BR Job Title Software Developer Co-op Location California - LitePoint - Sunnyvale HR-CA100 Employment Category Co-Op Full-time Duties & Responsibilities This is a co-op position (duration 3 months) The Software Developer Co-op will be a contributing member of the Manufacturing Technology Group and help in creating SW test solutions for NPI, production and sustaining engineering. The individual will have an opportunity to be exposed to C# environments, source and revision control, and infrastructure development Code development in C#Develop diagnostic and debug software tools for use by engineering, the factory and the fieldContinue to improve software infrastructure, automated testing, and efficiency Basic Qualifications, Experience, Skills & Education Required BA/BS (or equivalent) junior or senior in CS/EEMust work well both independently and with a remote team while maintaining attention to details and qualityExcellent troubleshooting, data analysis, problem solving and reporting skills are essentialAbout LitePoint: LitePoint creates wireless test solutions and services for the world’s most innovative wireless device makers, helping them to ensure their products perform for today's demanding consumers. A leading innovator in wireless testing, LitePoint products come out of the box ready to test the most widely used wireless chipsets in the world. LitePoint works with the leading makers of smartphones, tablets, PCs, wireless access points and chipsets. LitePoint is also at the forefront of testing the burgeoning world of connected devices…the Internet of Things. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, California, and with offices around the world, LitePoint is a wholly owned subsidiary of Teradyne (NYSE: TER), a leading supplier of automation equipment for test and industrial applications. Teradyne had revenue of $1.75 billion in 2016 and currently employs approximately 4,300 people worldwide. Position Subject to ITAR controls No Relocation Available (Some relocation assistance has been approved for this role) Yes Shift 1st
Software DeveloperThis is a great opportunity to join an organization that is a developer’s paradise. This company has managed to continue blazing record growth and need to expand their engineering team to lead the next phase of growth. This role will be working mainly on the backend while being a big part of the team that works on the company’s main technology platform for customers.We are looking for someone that is very passionate about technology, always looking for a challenge, and “love what you do” attitude. If you feel like this describes you, please apply and explore this opportunity further!What you’ll doBeing an influential part in building the technology that makes the company run. The company identifies as a technology company first that drives their consumer product versus the other way aroundThe work this person will be doing is highly visible for the company and having a big input into the development team’s strategies and technologies usedRequired Skills and Experience:3-5+ years of experience working as a Software Engineer – Ideally worked with Python the last couple of years and worked with DjangoAbility to work on the front end with technologies - JavaScript (they use ReactJS),Experience working with relational databases - They use PostgreSQL, but ok w/SQl Server or other backgroundsExperience working on the server-side development w/Node.js and Java Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment and good understanding of the methodologiesNice to have:Mobile Experience
About the job We're makers. We believe the job of a development team is more than just writing code. We are here to create experiences which delight our customers, this is always our top priority.  We're a fully distributed company with a high degree of autonomy and no office space. At Articulate you'll work closely with an awesome team of developers, designers and writers to increase our web presence and improve our community.  The ideal person for this job is a multitalented software developer with a good eye. This person sweats the details, focuses on quality results instead of effort and sees problems as opportunities to learn and level up as a team. Solid gif skills and emoji game are big bonus.  Here's a smattering of tech you'll be working with: Rails, React, Node.js, Babel, CSS, Elasticsearch, GitHub, Slack About the company Articulate is a highly successful, fully remote software company thats changing the way the world learns. Our award-winning e-learning tools are used by 78,000+ organizations across the globe to create engaging online and mobile courses. Our customers include 93 of the Fortune 100 and 19 of the top 20 U.S. universities. And our online community of 550,000+ members is the largest, fastest-growing community in the industry.  We empower employees to thrive by fostering a culture of autonomy, productivity, and respect. Were all free to exercise our crafts the best way we know how to reach our goals as individuals and teams. Each and every one of us is focused on producing results that directly impact the companys success. And we all strive to do whats right by people, both internally and externally, instead of taking the shortest route to the highest profits.  We honor peoples humanity in all of our disparate experiences and social locations, accepting each person as an individual with a story worth listening to and honoring. We believe that honoring everyones humanity means being committed to equity and justice. We welcome different voices and viewpoints and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, physical and/or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, age, sexual orientation, and military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an equal opportunity employer and invite applicants to voluntarily disclose their race and gender on our application form to help us create a diverse company. This voluntarily disclosed information will not be shared with any hiring manager and will be keep in confidence by the Articulate human resources department and executives who are not hiring for this position. Learn more about our culture.
Job DescriptionDeveloper for AssureNow integration in Erisson Cloud Manager for vCPE NetworksDevelop SDN cloud management software using Java/PerlIntegrate with multiple vendor APIsAdvise on architecture for Virtualization, AssureNow, ECM, othersManage workload using Agile methodology via JiraSupport AssureNow/OpenStack environment of over 45 servers and 100 instances.Advise other team members on Code/Openstack/Linux/Erisson issuesProvide certification support to manage customer devices in order to meet contractual deadlines7-10 years of experience Contact DetailsName: Vishal Trivedi Email : vishal.trivedi@rangam.com Phone: 908-704-8843 ✖ 435 
Find your extraordinary side. Northside Hospital Health Care System is a state-of-the-art setting for patients, and for you.  With three cutting-edge acute care hospitals --- in Atlanta, Canton, and Cumming, Georgia --- and more  than 150 locations throughout the State of Georgia, we are leading the way in your backyard and across the country.  Consider the numbers: 868-bed, not-for-profit providerNearly 2 million patient visits annuallyA renowned team that includes more than 2,500 physicians and 15,000 employees We lead the nation in newborn deliveries, perform the most robotic surgeries, and diagnose and treat the most cancer cases in the state.  Learn more about our expansion, full range of medical services, and our extraordinary career  opportunities at www.northside.com. Facility Overview:  Northside Hospital Discover what’s possible.See what’s inside. Discovering what’s possible at Northside Hospital in Atlanta, Georgia --- it’s something our patients and team members do every day.  Our reputation as one of Georgia’s fastest growing healthcare institutions and our state-of-the-art, award-winning work environment are well-known. But what resonates most with our people is the way we balance clinical excellence with compassionate care, support real work/life balance, and how close they feel to their co-workers.  Our 852-bed, not-for-profit, full-service hospital does more than serve our community.  We’re a market leader in Women's Services, Maternity and Newborn Services, Surgery, Robotic Surgery, and Cancer Care.  Proud to have been voted “Atlanta's Most Preferred Hospital for All Health Care Needs" by  consumers for more than 16 years. We are pleased to offer our people great pay, benefits, and a pension plan.  We are a state-of-the-art setting for opportunity, top quality health care, and you.  Ready to make a difference --- and a better living? Find your extraordinary side with Northside Hospital today! Service Area Overview:  Northside Hospital’s Information Systems Department is on the leading edge of providing information technology in a healthcare setting. We connect healthcare professionals with the tools, technology and information they need to provide high quality, compassionate care. We manage and support all aspects of planning, design, implementation and operation of cost-effective information technologies and methodologies. The department promotes and carries out Best Practices in systems integration for the three major Northside facilities and numerous physician practices. In addition to system builds, Information Systems supports network infrastructures, servers, data storage, conventional and wireless connectivity, security, PCs and peripherals devices which directly and positively affect the end users, resulting in improved Patient Care. Join Northside Hospital for a rewarding career in the growing healthcare information systems profession!  Position Description:  Implements, maintains, and supports all system interfaces at Northside Hospital. Monitors the Interface Manager system and all point-to-point interfaces on a regular basis.  Maintains complete, accurate, and up-to-date documentation for all interfaces.  Maintains a working knowledge of all interfaced applications.Position Requirements: REQUIRED:Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Business, or related technical field.Two (2) or more years programming experience, preferably in UNIX environment.Previous experience working in team environment.Strong communications and analytical skillsKnowledge of network communication protocols, such as TCP/IP and DNS.PREFERRED:Cloverleaf Interface Engine -- Level I and/or Level II Certification.Two (2) or more years experience with interface development and supportExperience working with Health Level 7 (HL7) standard interface protocol.Excellent analytical and technical troubleshooting skills.Excellent communications and customer service skills.Knowledge of UNIX and other computer technologies (e.g., PCs, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office, network communication protocols, software installation).  Licensure/Certification Requirements:No  Work Hours:8a-4:30p  Weekend Requirements:No  On-Call Requirements: No WANT THE INSIDE STORY? Our team members report that our state-of-the-art environment, work/life balance, reputation as a leader both locally and nationally, continuing education offerings, growth opportunities, and pay/benefits/pension plan are why they chose --- and chose to stay with --- Northside Hospital.  Contact us today to learn more about careers at Northside. Side by side, there’s nothing we can’t achieve!  RP Code:  12C
System Administrator/Database Administrator/Dev Ops/Developer $80,000-$95,000Captify Health partners with physicians to empower patients to take control of their healthcare. We have developed tools that deliver smarter communication tailored to each patient’s preferred means of communication to provide the information they need, to the device that suits their lifestyle best.Description: If you are looking for an opportunity to be a part of an entrepreneurial organization, this is the role for you. This is a key role in our organization. This person acts as the go-to for the day to operations of our technology systems, as well as working with the executive team to continuously develop key technologies to support Captify’s growth. This individual works closely with consultants and technology partners to accomplish team and company goals. Maintaining Microsoft Dynamics CRM and integrated applicationsParticipating in a team-oriented environment to develop complex web-based applicationsMaintaining existing codebase, to include troubleshooting bugs and adding new featuresConverting data from various formats (Excel, Access, etc.) into developed databasesRequired Skills:A Bachelor’s degree or certification in related discipline2-5 years’ experience working in a similar roleKnowledge of .NET, Visual Studio, C#, XML, JavaScript, AWS EC2, MSSQL 2008(+), MySQLExtensive knowledge of Dynamics CRM Administration or similar Database AdministrationExperience with Microsoft development technologies, including the .NET framework 4.0 as well as a solid understanding of Object Oriented Design and Programming.Familiar with REST based web services and JSON data structures.Knowledge of cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility.Comfortable learning and utilizing third-party APIs.Familiar with version control systemsA strategic thinker that can technically executeAn individual that understands databases, data integrity, and data analyticsAbility to learn new software systems quickly with minimal documentationSomeone that can wear multiple hats in an organization, and enjoys itProblem solverAbility to translate technical details to non-technical clients. (Internal and External)Desired Skills:Electronic Medical Record Databases Architecture and Design: EMRExperience with SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)Experience with Dynamics 365 (online)
 HID Global takes innovative approaches to helping organizations and governments become more secure and productive by protecting the people, data and things most important to them. We offer integrated solutions for creating, managing and using trusted identities, differentiated by a convenient and remarkable user experience.  HID Global is the trusted source for innovative products, services, solutions, and know-how related to the creation, management, and use of secure identities for millions of customers around the world. The company’s served markets include physical and logical access control, including strong authentication and credential management; card printing and personalization; visitor management systems; highly secure government and citizen ID; and identification RFID technologies used in animal ID and industry and logistics applications. The company’s primary brands include ActivID®, EasyLobby®, FARGO®, IdenTrust®, LaserCard®, Lumidigm®, and HID®. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, HID Global has over 3,000 employees worldwide and operates international offices that support more than 100 countries. HID Global® is an ASSA ABLOY Group brand. For more information, visit www.hidglobal.com.  The Issuance and Fulfillment Solution team is looking for a Staff Engineer with industrial software experience tasked with designing and implementing custom provisioning and issuance solutions and applications, leveraging HID infrastructures and core technologies. The qualified candidate will bring software application-level development experience and expertise that will be applied for implementing customer-specific provisioning services. The assigned projects will relate to Readers, Controller Panels and Printers product lines.This position is for a team player that will be part of a global development team which focuses on custom issuances services, from feasibility through implementation, working with internal and external customers. Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.Responsibilities:Contribute to design and architectural choicesHandles implementations of customer-specific provisioning requirementsHandles the full development/validation/documentation cyclesImplement/integrate software components from low level API driving hardware encoders to backend web-services.Coach/Mentor other engineers involved in the projectsWork on full life-cycle software development of both web and non-web based applications used in production for provisioning and monitoring activitiesWork in a collaborative team using Agile methodologyInteract with engineering both for hardware or software aspect to improve on the integration and manufacturability of the products on our production lineWork with pre-sales, product managers, operations and technology teams to pro-actively implement industrial provisioning solutionsKeep tight deadlines for software enhancements to match product development schedules Education and/or ExperienceTo perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Past experience in data processing and enrichments using cryptographic devicesPast experience with low-level communication protocols (RFID or smartcards)Knowledge of industry standards: ISO7816, ISO14443 or ISO15693 requiredPast experience with software developments used in industrial environmentIndustrial solution development experience requiredHands-on past experience supporting key management practices or securityCard Management and Lifecycle systems experience is appreciatedMust have a strong passion for software design and developmentMust have working experience with the following technologies:Programming languages: C#, Java, Groovy, JavascriptData languages such as XML, ASN.1 or JSON.Relational databases: ODBC, SQl, PostgresDevelopment environment: Microsoft Visual Studio and EclipseMust have working experience with source control management toolsExperienced in full SDLC (Software development life cycle) which includes System / Information Engineering, Software Requirements gathering, Systems Analysis and Design, Code Generation, Testing, implementation, maintenance and documentation. Education and/or ExperienceMinimum of Master Degree in Computer Science or Electrical EngineeringMinimum of 10 years of hands-on development experienceMinimum of 5 years of software design experience Market KnowledgeHardware related programming expertise (JTAG, RS232, RS485)Embedded software developmentHardware design experienceApplied cryptography, device authenticationCryptographic-based data enrichmentsSoftware Development in .Net (C#) Language SkillsAbility to effectively communicate in the English language, both verbally and in writing.Ability to read and interpret technical journals, specifications, international technical standards, etc. Computer SkillsProficient in MS Office applications, such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.Familiar with operating systems, such as Windows, etc. Work EnvironmentThe work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Employee works primarily in an office environment, within a well ventilated area, and is exposed to moderate noise levels. Work RequirementsCompliance to all relevant HID Global policies and procedures related to Quality, Security, Safety, Business Continuity, and Environmental systems.Travel and fieldwork, including international travel may be required. Therefore employee must possess, or can acquire a valid passport.Must be legally eligible to work in the Country in which you are hired.  HID Global is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Minorities/Female/Disabled/Veteran  If you have a disability which limits your ability to apply online, please contact us at lcampilongo@hidglobal.com, to submit your expression of interest in a position with our Company.
Diversity Statement Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information  U.S. Citizenship Required. QualificationsEducation and ExperienceBachelor's degree in related discipline plus 8 to 10 years of directly related experience or a Master's degree and 6 years of experience. Professional certification(s) may be required.In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for more than 15 years applicable work experience. Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience for positions involving new technology or labor market shortages as reflected by market survey data.Knowledge, Skills, Abilities Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a security clearance of an appropriate level which may be required after employment. Strong analytical skills and attention to detail.Ability to communicate highly complex software concepts effectively.Strong knowledge of the principles, practices, and procedures used in software and systems development.Experience with software development tools and programming languages.Responsibilities/QualificationPosition SummaryLeads the analysis, design, development, testing, debugging and implementation of highly complex software application programs in support of distinct product hardware or technical service lines of business.Duties and ResponsibilitiesDefines specifications for highly complex software programming applications and/or oversees the maintenance of existing programs to ensure continued performance and compliance with current guidelines and standards.Performs all necessary aspects of the programming phase of software development including coding, testing, debugging and documenting using current guidelines and standards.Develops architecture requirements and performance standards to meet customer specifications.Leads the analysis and development of test plans. Tests assigned components and units, provides test results and recommends corrections.Identifies and directs resolution of highly complex hardware/software interface issues or other technical problems.Researches and develops prospective applications and products and maintains current knowledge of relevant technologies.Authors or assists in the writing and/or presentation of briefings (reports on analyses, findings, and project progress), project or task plans, system specification manuals, technical reports and user manuals.Leads the preparation of technical proposals.Provides work leadership to lower level employees. Performs additional duties and responsibilities as assigned.
Business Development Manager - B2BDescriptionRelocity provides our corporate clients with relocation concierge services that enhance their ability to attract, engage and employ talent in today’s global marketplace. We are seeking Business Development Managers, especially with experience and connections in corporate Human Resources departments, to identify and target forward-thinking companies in the Los Angeles area who will value our services. Candidates should be able to present the business concept in dynamic and convincing ways, and maintain ongoing relationships with our customers.This is a great opportunity to be a part of a start-up that can offer its team members significant growth opportunities and is funded with a seven-digit investment.If you have a passion for business development, a desire to make a difference in the lives of people who are relocating to the Los Angeles area, and want to have a real impact on the growth of a company on the cutting edge of an expanding $16 billion relocation service industry, we would like to hear from you.YouPlease possess the following qualities:Full commitment to taking responsibility for resultsStrong ambition and a desire to succeedIntensely goal-oriented attitudeA high level of customer empathyImpeccable honestyBe driven to provide value with integrity, resourcefulness and vision to both clients and associates and earn your worthThrive in an entrepreneurial environmentWhat You’ll DoDrive revenue generation through prospecting, qualifying and closing new businesses.Understand lead qualification and work with team to develop process and accuracy.Construct, forecast, and manage your sales pipeline using Salesforce CRM.Create strong, loyal and sustainable relationships with key corporate clients who appreciate a thoughtful, consultative approach to doing businessWear multiple hats: sales strategy, lead generation, sales rep, and account manager.Identify prospects’ needs, understand business drivers behind requests, and explain the Relocity value proposition.Collaborate with marketing on lead nurturing and sales support programsWork with departmental leadership team to create quotes, proposals and presentations to convert opportunities into projects/jobs and leads into clientsDevelop sales strategies and market pitch to respond to a dynamic market landscapeCommunicate in a timely, collaborative manner, sharing ownership and responsibility for the accuracy and on-time delivery of projects with cross-departmental stakeholdersQualificationsBachelor's degree (BA) from a four-year college or university or higherExcellent interpersonal skillsStable work history with referencesProven track record of growing client accounts and revenue targetsTechnical aptitude, particularly with MS Office; experience with Salesforce CRM software a plusReliable transportation / willingness to travel within the Greater Los Angeles areaPreferred Experience3-5 years of business development experience, preferably in an HR consulting firm or recruiting firmExperience in talent mobility and/or employee recruitmentConsulting and/or sales experience, preferably with Human Resources departments at corporate clientsBenefitsTelecommute / Work from home, but must attend weekly team meeting at our office in West HollywoodCompetitive base salary plus commissionGround floor opportunity with the Relocity team; shape the strategic direction of the company.Relocity is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against any applicant on the basis of race, color, religion/creed, national origin, gender, or sex, marital status, age, disability, use of a guide dog or service animal, sexual orientation, military/veteran status, or any other status protected by Federal or State law or local ordinance.Relocity will only employ those who are legally authorized to work. Any offer of employment is conditioned on the successful completion of a background investigation. Apply on Company Site
 Why should you intern with us? You’ll do much more than make coffee and push paper. The idea is to learn about the industry and career you want. Interns at Quicken Loans Family of Companies gain priceless, hands-on experience across a smorgasbord of fields. Dynamic team members interact in a high-energy, super fast-paced environment to impact the business on a daily basis.  We've been on Computerworld's "Best Places to Work in IT" list for 12 years running, hitting #1 the last five years and we were ranked #10 in FORTUNE Magazine’s list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2017, remaining in the top-30 for the past 14 years. Plus, Quicken Loans ranked #4 for best internships in the country by Glassdoor.com.  If you want to have an incredible experience, make new friends, and be a part of something bigger than a run-of-the-mill job, join our team and start down an AMAZING career path!  As a Software Developer Intern, you’ll gain real world professional experience while working on new processes and technologies that will improve day-to-day operations across the company for our team members and our clients. In this role, you’ll have the opportunity to put your skills to use and learn some new tricks along the way. ResponsibilitiesAssist with building and deploying support to internal clients through IM, phone and face-to-face interactionCollaborate with engineers, developers, architects, QA, system engineers and product managers in solving new and existing technical issuesUnderstand requirements, implement designs, and provide administration tools and documentation for specific projectsDevelop and maintain software to support business functionsParticipate in design and code reviewsFollow and enhance existing development processesMeasure and verify that codes have acceptable performance and scalabilityRequirements Strong desire to learn about programming and IT General working knowledge and interest in technology Proficiency in the Microsoft Office suite Excellent verbal and written communication skills Some experience with and knowledge of programmingPursuing a degree in computer science, IT, information systems or a similar fieldLearn and grow in a Software Developer Internship in one of the following areas Business Analysis Software Development Business Intelligence Client Platforms Mortgage Platforms Information Security Infrastructure Operations Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions together and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today.  Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. Disclaimer: Quicken Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010-2016 Primary Mortgage Origination StudiesSM. 2016 study based on 3,267 total responses measuring 13 lenders and measures opinions of consumers who originated a new mortgage. Proprietary study results are based on experiences and perceptions of consumers surveyed in July-August 2016. Your experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com Quicken Loans is the #1 online lender and the 3rd largest retail mortgage lender in America – according to National Mortgage News.
JOB SUMMARY Develops, modifies, enhances and implements software systems designed to support new or existing business initiatives. Projects are usually of considerable complexity and require a strong knowledge of development tools. Works in most phases of a project and may review work of less experienced staff members. Performs maintenance and provides technical assistance and advice on existing software solutions. MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESActively and consistently supports all efforts to simplify and enhance the customer experience Codes and performs unit and integration testing of software to ensure proper and efficient execution and adherence to business and technical requirements  Codes, tests, and debugs new software or makes enhancements to existing software  Writes programs according to specifications  Participates in code review sessions to validate adherence with development standards  Develops and maintains technical documentation  Serves as secondary escalation point to resolve incidents and problems for production applications and web services supported by the team in accordance with identified Service Level Agreements  Collaborates with customers, internal and cross-departmental technical teams to identify software problems and communicate remediation plans  Generates a variety of complex and periodic reports and/or data through database  management, data administration and data extraction techniques  Provides general system users and management with system analysis and feedback  Influences system design by identifying and recommending design and requirements needs for software enhancements  Mentors and coaches less experienced staff  Maximizes the efficiency of the various software systems by implementing, monitoring, testing and auditing new software programs  Participates in continuous performance improvement sessions to discuss opportunities to improve processes or standards  Analyzes and resolves computer related problems by coordinating with in-house personnel to diagnose and fix operational difficulty, as well as consulting, advising and training on specialized features and functions  Follows established configuration/change control processes REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONSSkills/Abilities and KnowledgeAbility to read, write, speak and understand English Knowledge of Voice, Data, Video, Wireless technologies  Understanding of software design patterns and principles  Ability to identify measures or indicators of system performance and the actions needed to improve or correct performance, relative to the goals of the system  Ability to deal with ambiguity, uncertainty, and incomplete information when evaluating alternatives and making recommendations  Ability to work seamlessly within a team as well as manage individual tasks  Strong technical knowledge of Information Technology field and computer systems  Demonstrated communication skills (written, interpersonal, presentation), with the ability to easily and effectively interact and negotiate with business stakeholders  Creative and abstract thinking skills to envision and design innovative solutions to business opportunities and challenges  Proven ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal direction  Ability to listen and evaluate all opinions without bias, and contribute to a common culture of excellence Education BA/BS in Information Technology, Computer Science, related field or equivalent work experience Related Work Experience 3 to 5 years’ experience with DBMS  3 to 5 years’ experience with coding, testing and design  3 to 5 years’ experience with software development methodologies WORKING CONDITIONS Office environment
 Software Developer  Draper, UT Position Description: Reynolds and Reynolds is looking for creative individuals who are driven to produce great software solutions at our Draper, UT office. As a Software Developer, you will be responsible for reviewing business specifications, providing a technical design, coding, and testing for your own projects. You will work with both new and existing products to ensure maximum performance and effectiveness. Additionally, you will be developing and executing software test plans such as unit testing, integration testing, system testing and acceptance testing Training: On-the Job Requirements:Bachelor's degree or graduation from a Technical school preferredHigh attention to detailKnowledge of .NET framework including C#, ASP.NET, MVC, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML, CSS, web services, XML and SQL.Must be able to work independently and with a team

 Job DescriptionJoin our exciting, fast-paced development team in a growth-oriented, creative, and energetic environment. Our IT department develops vital products for our customers and provides top-notch technical support, in addition to developing and maintaining in-house hardware, software, and networking systems. We are dedicated to providing our customers the most up-to-date solutions for all their learning, continuing education, and test preparation needs. Location: Gainesville, Florida Description Be part of a fast-paced team within the IT department that develops, documents, tests, and maintains a wide array of software including web, mobile, and desktop customer facing applications, along with internal server, desktop, and web systems. Your Expected Duties Our projects vary widely in scope and technology, but essentially you will be doing these types of tasks on a day-to-day basis: Designing and implementing new software.Maintaining and improving the functionality of existing software and products.Developing test cases and project documentation.Conducting code reviews of colleagues' work.Communicating with managers, technical support, networking, and your developer colleagues. Database design and implementation (most often with MySQL).Web design (many of our products are online courses and emulations of existing standardized tests).The most common work setup is a Windows PC with shell access to our Linux servers; most of your development work will be on the Linux servers, although you have freedom to choose to develop directly on the server or use a Windows IDE or other editing tools.Miscellaneous other duties as needed.RequirementsMust be able to work on-site in Gainesville, Florida.A computer science degree or mathematical degree a plus.Knowledge of and experience with at least one of the following languages, or a suitably similar alternative: Java, PHP, or C++.Ability to critically think and understand projects from the business, customer, and technical perspectives.Strong attention to detail.Able to be self directed and work independently.Ability to multitask and adapt to quickly changing priorities and technologies.Experience as a software developer a plus.What You Get Out of ItWe accommodate those just starting their software development career, with a built-in company philosophy of continual improvement of the abilities of both our customers and employees. We accommodate seasoned pros by allowing freedom, responsibility, and ownership of your projects.You will have a wide choice of technologies to use such as your preferred IDE and development tools, and server scripting languages and tools.We offer a low-stress, comfortable, and friendly work environment with minimal bureaucracy; our focus is on getting projects done. Yet we follow, train, and enforce professional software development habits.We are very flexible with work hours and we accommodate a wide range of work schedules. Gleim is a great place to work. We have flexible time and a casual dress. We have a fantastic benefit package that includes medical, dental, vision, disability, life insurance, retirement/profit sharing, PTO time, holiday pay, tuition reimbursement and more.  Position is available immediately, pending background/reference checks, and drug test. Drug and Smoke Free Workplace. Equal Opportunity Employer.  Please check us out at our website at www.gleim.com.Company DescriptionLOCATED IN GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA  Gleim Publications is an established and thriving provider of accounting and aviation certification exam review courses located in Gainesville, Florida. Our goal is to assist students, accountants and pilots in advancing their careers, refining their skills and increasing their potential profitability in today's competitive job market.  Our company has over 130 employees and is still growing. Gleim Exam Prep is a profitable, stable company, founded by Dr. Irvin Gleim 40+ years ago. He is a Professor Emeritis at the Fisher School of Accounting at the University of Florida.  We have flexible work schedules, a casual work environment, opportunities for growth and leadership, a supportive, friendly team environment, competitive salaries and outstanding benefits.  Gleim Solar Power - In December of 2008, Gleim had a solar electricity generating system installed on the rooftop of its main building at 4201 N.W. 95th Blvd. in Gainesville, FL. Things have been sunny ever since. The system, which was the largest in Gainesville when it was first activated, remains one of the largest of its kind. In addition, it is one of the few systems that is actually producing more electricity than the business is using, making Gleim a "net negative" user of energy. The Gleim system was the first feed-in tariff commercial system in the United States. Feed-in tariff systems were first promoted in Germany, which is now the world's largest solar market. Launched for the first time in the U.S. in March of 2009 by Gainesville Regional Utilities, a city-owned utility, the feed-in tariff program encourages local businesses to invest in renewable energy. Under the program, GRU, which serves some 90,000 customers, contracted to buy power back for 20 years at a predetermined price. Rates were determined by the size of the system installed.  Dr. Irvin Gleim, President of Gleim Publications, states, "We see ourselves as stewards of the environment. Philosophically, making this investment was the right thing to do and fits with our existing operation. The GRU program made the decision to install the solar electricity generating system good business sense."  Gleim is a smoke- and drug-free, safe, and family-oriented workplace located in Gainesville, Florida. We are dedicated to helping and teaching both our customers and employees. We employ full-time professionals as well as students from many colleges & universities. We continually seek to hire qualified and success-driven individuals to join our team. We promote equal opportunity policies and practices and welcome diversity for all our career opportunities. We are committed to treating all employees, applicants, clients & vendors with respect and dignity. Our diversity at Gleim reflects our strong value system and we provide exciting opportunities within our company. Candidates who are offered positions at Gleim Publications will complete drug tests and background checks.  We have a great benefit package that includes medical, dental, vision, disability, life insurance, AD&D, profit sharing/retirement/PTO/Holiday pay/Tuition reimbursement. Casual environment, family friendly, flexible schedules and more.  Please complete an online application on www.gleim.com/employment.  For more information, visit our website at www.gleim.com.
 ing software solutions to solve them. Produces software for web, database, and client server environments.Uses Microsoft Visual Studio (Winforms, ASP.NET, .NET Framework, VB .NET, C#) to develop front-ends and business logic.Uses Microsoft SQL Server to design, modify, and write business logic for databases.Uses Crystal Reports and SSRS Reporting Services to develop reports.Follows Q-Lab’s standard development practices and techniques.Works on front office (e.g. Sales, Repair, Marketing), back office (e.g. Accounting, Purchasing, Order Desk) and LIMS (Laboratory Information Management Systems) software.Writes business requirements and technical specification documents.We Require/Prefer: o Associates degree in Computer Science/IT, equivalent professional work experience, or the raw intellectual aptitude.  o Evidence of achievement in work or school history.  o Experience with Microsoft’s .NET development tools.  o Knowledge of relational database theory.  o Ability to think strategically and assess business value.  o Ability to devise creative solutions to problems.  o Ability to manage competing priorities.  o Strong verbal and written communication skills.  o Strong customer service orientation.  o A good sense of humor and a small ego.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
DoyouvisualizeyourfutureatNVIDIA?WEDO! We are now looking for a Senior Virtualization System Software Engineer:Nvidia’s invention of the GPU 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Today, we are increasingly known as “the AI computing company”. We are looking to grow our company , and our teams with the smartest people in the world. What you will be doing:You will work on our GPU virtualization system software teamYou will work closely with hardware architects and engineers, and other software engineers to design, develop, and debug many functional aspects of our GPU architectureWhat we need to see:Excellent communication and planning skills, while being self driven with a focus on execution and qualityStrong academic background in Computer or Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related degreeMinimum requirement of BS in CS or CE, MS or PhDExcellent C programming skills, as well as knowledge of operating systems and kernel programmingThorough knowledge of hardware virtualization, hypervisors and hardware architectureExcellent knowledge of computer system architectures and the hardware/software interface layer models and virtualization technologyExtensive experience with complex system-level development and debugging NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people on the planet working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!  We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer
DescriptionProvides technical direction. Validates requirements, performs analysis and design for system improvements and new applications. Represents department by leading work and providing guidance to others.Validates requirements, performs analysis, design, programming, testing, documentation and support for assigned projects to drive application changes.Reviews and provides input to documentation for other departments (e.g. support, training, business units).Ensures team compliance with standards and procedures (e.g. change management, version control, implementation) and/or consistency of coding. Recognizes code, process and/or standard inefficiencies and suggests new standards and opportunities for improvement.Participates in investigation of opportunities for improvement and makes recommendations. May consult technical equipment / software vendors and current users in these evaluations.Responds to questions, researches / resolves issue and/or coordinates resolution of issues to complete project work and provide technical support for production applications including high impact production issues.For the Enterprise Development project team, defines tasks, gathers estimates, and creates and maintains project schedules to organize and prioritize work. Conducts project meetings and collects and tracks status against the schedule to monitor project progress. Represents department at project team meetings. Acts as a focal point to communicate department project activities and status. Under management review, conducts one-on-one meetings with team members and writes and administers team member project performance reviews to facilitate the project and to provide feedback to the manager to aid in the professional development of the team member.Acquires and utilizes strong technical and / or application knowledge to independently produce deliverables and recognizes the impact (e.g. design documentation, system changes). Acts as a technical leader by making significant technical contributions (e.g. designs and documents program changes, provides technical direction). Demonstrates versatility of knowledge and applies strong technical skill base to contribute to related applications outside specific area of expertise.RequirementsBA/BS degree in computer-related field.A minimum of five years relevant experience.Experience using one or more programming language(s). Subject matter expert in at least one application or application. Demonstrated project leadership experience preferred.
GitHub helps companies and organizations succeed by allowing them to build better software, together. We're looking for Sales Development Representatives to profile ideal customers and markets for inbound and outbound sales leads and marketing campaigns. We care about customer success and customer service, and we're extremely passionate about the quality of our work. The ideal candidate will have the aptitude and passion to become a master of GitHub’s product capabilities, underlying technology, and competitive advantages.Responsibilities:Qualify inbound marketing leads for the sales teams in ANZ-ASEANWork with marketing and sales to execute lead generation campaignsCreate outbound touches into the market (email, phone, etc) to develop qualified leadsWorks with GitHub tools and technology to pass qualified leads to corporate or enterprise sales and to keep updated prospect forecast of opportunityAnswers customer business questions and determines if there is (BANT):Budget for a purchase of GitHub EnterpriseAuthority to purchase GitHub EnterpriseNeed for GitHub EnterpriseTiming, the need for GitHub Enterprise is imminent (i.e., project needs it)Set meetings with key contactsQualifications:2-3 years of successful sales experienceAbility to convey information clearly and analyze customer requirements as needed to help customer make buying decisionsStrong customer orientation, dedication, and passion for delivering a great customer experienceExcellent verbal and written communication skillsCollaborative and team orientedInterest in Git and GitHubStrong technical aptitude and the ability to become deeply fluent in the GitHub's technology and the industryMust be legally authorized to work in AustraliaPreferred Qualifications:Knowledge of Git and GitHub workflowsHigh energy and positive attitudeAbility to take initiativeComfortable working in a fast-paced and dynamic environmentFlexible (ability to work across different time zones) and able to think quicklyWilling to go the extra mile with a strong work ethic; self-directed and resourceful Qualifications:Ability to convey information clearly and analyze customer requirements as needed to help customer make buying decisionsStrong customer orientation, dedication, and passion for delivering a great customer experienceExcellent verbal and written communication skillsCollaborative and team orientedInterest in Git and GitHubStrong technical aptitude and the ability to become deeply fluent in the GitHub's technology and the industryMust be legally authorized to work in the United States Preferred Qualifications:1-3 years of successful sales experienceKnowledge of Git and GitHub workflowsHigh energy and positive attitudeAbility to take initiativeComfortable working in a fast-paced and dynamic environmentFlexible (ability to work across different time zones) and able to think quicklyWilling to go the extra mile with a strong work ethic; self-directed and resourcefulWho We Are:GitHub is the best place to share code with friends, co-workers, classmates, and complete strangers. Over 24 million people use GitHub to build amazing things together across 67 million repositories. With the collaborative features of GitHub.com and GitHub Business, it has never been easier for individuals and teams to write faster, better code.What We Value:Collaboration: We believe the best work is done together. Empathy: We believe in putting people first. Quality: We believe in setting the standard for excellence. Positive Impact: We believe in making the world a better place through our work. Shipping: We believe in creating things for the people using them.Why You Should Join:At GitHub, we constantly strive to create an environment that allows our employees (Hubbers) to do the best work of their lives. We've designed one of the coolest workspaces in San Francisco (HQ), where over half of our Hubbers work, snack, and create daily. The other half of our Hubbers work remotely in 18 countries across the globe. Here is a complete list of where we can hire!  We are also committed to keeping Hubbers healthy, motivated, focused and creative. We've designed our top-notch benefits program with these goals in mind. In a nutshell, we've built a place where we truly love working, we think you will too.  GitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles. We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life. We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate!Where We Can HirePlease note that benefits vary by country, if you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask your Talent Partner.
 Software Developer What We Do: Temenos Group is a market leading banking software provider,  partnering with banks and other financial institutions to transform  their businesses and stay ahead of a changing marketplace.  Headquartered in Geneva and with more than 55 offices worldwide,  Temenos software is proven in over 2,000 customer deployments in more  than 150 countries across the world. Temenos was the winner of the  Best Core Banking Product in Banking Technology magazine s Readers  Choice Awards for four consecutive years, and in 2015, Temenos topped  both the Forrester and IBS Intelligence league tables for sales of  mission-critical software for the banking and finance industry. What We Need: We are looking for a Software Developer who will be a member of a team  of software professionals responsible for the requirements, design,  construction, integration, testing, verification and maintenance of  the Temenos line of software products. The individual must be  forward-thinking and share in a common vision of quality, integrity  and efficiency. What You ll Do:Create efficient, scalable and reusable middle tier logic using the following: *******, MVC, ******, C#, WCF, and other languages  as needed. Create and design databases, views, stored procedures, T-SQL statements and user-defined functions of varying complexity with a  best practices approach to keys, indices and relationships in  SQL Server 2012 and 2014. Create front end web interfaces using the following: Knockout.JS, JQuery, JavaScript, Bootstrap and AJAX. Author technical design documentation that fully defines all application code and the underlying methodology for the design  decisions made. Research and identify cause of reported defects and issues.Establish all possible options for designing and deriving the best solutions based on sound analytical judgment, team input and the  customers best interest. Design push and pull data interfaces using the latest web and data sharing technologies integrated to a multitude of third party  providers. Develop software according to functional and technical design specifications and maintain a common sense approach that serves  to recognize potential design gaps and provide insight into  closing them. Familiarity with Windows 2016 Server, IIS, and SQL Server 2017 with regards to administration and performance tuning a major  plus. Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures; Review code for potential performance issues,  reusability, and/or anomalies. Troubleshoot client problems.Develop patches and defect fixes.What You ll Need:Bachelor s Degree in a related field2-5 years of technical experienceBanking and credit union experience a plusTechnical Skills: Fluency in ******, C#, *******, T-SQL, AJAX, HTML, JavaScript, WCF, MVC, and others as necessary. How To Join: Temenos is a company that embodies a culture of openness and  meritocracy that allows us to attract the best people and to set them  free to make things happen. If you are looking to become a member of  our winning team please send your resume to **************************  for review.
 At First Entertainment, (http://www.firstent.org) a $ 1 Billion + California-based credit union, we want a star performer to team up with us in a great opportunity as a Software Developer. First Entertainment offers banking services to employees of the entertainment community. We are a member-owned, not-for-profit, cooperative financial institution formed to permit our members to pool their savings, lend to one another, and a place where they save, borrow, and obtain related financial services.  The ideal candidate will write programs through the core application software, as well as other computer languages (i.e., SQL Java, Javascript, HTML, ASP.Net, AIX shell) utilizing a working knowledge of the software programs to store, locate and retrieve specific data, documents, and information. May write programs for browser-based applications, Data Analytics from our Data Warehouse, and/or mobile devices.  Responsibilities: Creates, analyzes, reviews and edits programs for data processing and applications using the most appropriate development tools and data sources.Test programs to assure accuracy, integrity, interoperability and completeness.Develops programs by considering computer storage capacity, performance and intended use of output data.Implements newly created code and incorporate fixes into existing software.Compiles and writes documentation of program development and subsequent revisions; comments code for future changes.Revises existing programs to increase operating efficiency or adapt to new regulations/requirements.Assist staff in troubleshooting programming and system issues including third-party applications.Help staff understand programming logic used to produce reports.Create, modify and test JOB files on the Episys system before deployment in a production environment.Import/Export data to core system, auxiliary systems and vendors. Experience: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent certification.A minimum of 2 years of work-related experience in a full-service financial institution or experience in a programming position.Knowledge of computers and software development, mathematics, English language, debugging techniques, SQL, Javascript, Javascript, HTML, Unix scripting, ASP.NET, RGN and Episys PowerOn.Possess thorough knowledge of regulations applicable to essential responsibilities.Ability to use logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusion or approaches to complex problems.Pays close attention to detail, ensuring accuracy and completeness of work output.Able to handle multiple tasks, responsibilities and/or projects.Solid math skills.Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer preferred, but not required. First Entertainment Credit Union will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal historySQL, Java, HTML, ASP.NET, Javascript Job Posted by ApplicantPro
Ceridian. Makes Work Life Better™ This is our promise. Not only for our customers, but our employees as well.  Ceridian is a cloud company powered by people. Join us as we transform the world of work for millions of employees around the world. Our products help employees be paid on time, apply for promotions, grow their careers, and support their work/life fit. Our solutions and our people work together to help organizations control costs, save time, optimize their workforce, minimize risk and grow their businesses.  As a software company specializing in human capital management (HCM), Ceridian has not only invested heavily in cloud software development but in its people as well. We have a variety of career growth (Top Talent, Career Pathing, Tuition Reimbursement, & Job Rotation) and Diversity/Inclusion (YOUnity and Ceridian’s Women Network) programs to support your career journey at Ceridian.  We are looking for fun, intelligent, team oriented people who believe in our values: Customer Focus, Transparency, Diligence, Optimism, and Agility.  Find out why Ceridian employees declare Ceridian a Great Place to Work® in 2017, a Glassdoor Best Places to Work in 2017, and one of Canada’s Top 100 Employers for 2017!About the Position:Reporting to the Development Manager, the Senior Developer is responsible for designing and implementing new development projects as well completing and augmenting the current solutions and services. They will collaborate with Technical Product Managers, Developers, Technical Writing and Quality Assurance throughout the development process to ensure the product is functionally complete and well-engineered.This is an excellent opportunity to join a rapidly growing innovator in a technically challenging and rewarding role. Through our training and mentoring program, you will develop deep technical expertise and gain valuable business and industry related experience.Responsibilities:Analyze, design, prototype, develop test and support – complete software lifecycle in your handsWork with clients, prospects, implementation partners, and Dayforce personnel to envision and deliver required functionalityCreate and enhance a scalable enterprise applicationAssess risks and impacts on the existing system as new functions are addedAbility to do effective code reviews of peer workMentor other developers and share knowledgeQualifications:C#, Java, HTML 5, JavaScript, CSS.NET Framework 4.5, Web development including WCF and JSONASP .NET MVC 4 or other MVC web frameworksProficiency with SQL and an understanding of relational database systemsExperience working in an agile development environmentExcellent communication and collaboration skillsExtensive experience in enterprise software developmentExperience working with SaaS product companiesDesired SkillsHuman Capital Management domain experience is a significant plusKnowledge of JavaScript frameworks such as Knockout, Backbone, jQueryCeridian combines the excitement of a startup environment, with the growth opportunities of a large organization. We believe our employees should be happy and healthy, with peace of mind and a sense of fulfillment. We provide our employees with comprehensive benefits for various life circumstances and needs, great opportunities for career development, and a balanced lifestyle to achieve personal and professional success.  Ceridian is fueled by the diversity of our talented employees. We are an equal opportunity employer and embrace all individuals and what makes them unique. We consider all applicants, regardless of age, religion, race, color, ancestry, gender, gender identity, disability, national origin, race, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws. We enthusiastically encourage all individuals to apply for positions that fit their passions. Come join our inclusive team and start collaborating with us on award winning projects!  Connect with us on Twitter @CeridianCareers or Facebook CeridianCareers  We thank all applicants in advance for their interest in this position, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.
 Home About Employment Web Applications Developer Web Applications Developer  InsureMyTrip is looking for several developers to join our Development team. We are currently in the process of renovating our core architecture, breaking up a monolithic PHP code-base into a modular service-based model written in Python / Flask on the back-end, and HTML/CSS/JS (using Aurelia) with some PHP/Python on the front-end.  We're happy to talk to candidates who lean more towards front-end or back-end!  On the front-end, we're looking for people with deep knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as Angular or Aurelia is a plus.  On the back-end, we're looking for people with a strong knowledge base of network and web fundamentals, RESTful architecture and API design.  If you've got both, we're double interested in meeting with you!  Additionally, our ideal candidates are comfortable having technical discussions, able to weigh trade-offs of different ideas and motivated to find simple, elegant solutions to problems. Working remotely is available for the right candidate. Desired Skills / Attributes 5+ years experience as a member of a Software Development team(front-end) Strong HTML / CSS / JS knowledge(front-end) Experience implementing User Experience focused designs(back-end) Web service development experience in Python (using Flask is a plus)(back-end) Relational and NoSQL Database Experience (at the moment, we use MySQL, Redis and Memcache)A security and scalability-oriented mindsetWorking knowledge of source control (we use Git & Gitlab)Familiarity with the software development life-cycle and project managementPassion for quality software architecture & designStrong communication abilitiesPersistent desire to learn new skills and technologies Nice to Haves eCommerce experienceFamiliarity with the LAMP stack (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP)Experience with Continuous IntegrationBenefits We offer a competitive salary and benefits package, and are an equal opportunity employer. Benefits include: Generous paid time off (PTO) days to be used at employee’s discretion – 16 days during the first year of employment.Employer provided retirement account contributions.Health and dental insurance, vision plan, long-term disability and life insurance.Opportunities for advancement in a successful and growing organization.Flexible work schedules.Free coffee and tea.Dress in casual attire and work in a modern, comfortable office with free parking. To apply for this position, please send cover letter and resume to jobs@insuremytrip.com.
 Join the winning Unitrends team! We are the fastest-growing provider of comprehensive data protection and disaster recovery solutions in the industry today. With an unparalleled cost-to-value ratio, we enable our customers to protect their most valuable assets and focus on whats most importanttheir business. To learn more, visit us at www.unitrends.com Software Engineer The software engineer contributes directly in the design, development, and integration of assigned environments. Software engineers are expected to have knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures as well as more in depth knowledge of select areas in computer engineering and apply those to develop and maintain Unitrends products. Software engineers are expected to have knowledge in environments including but not limited to: UNIX, Linux, Windows, VMware, Hyper-V, virtualization, cloud, web, storage, applications, and databases. Essential Tasks, Duties and Responsibilities:Design, develop, and debug code modules from requirements definition through release to customersDetermine project scope, and deliver quality code through design, coding and testing phase within specified timelines, tracking and reporting progress as required.Modify existing software to correct errors, to adapt it to new hardware, to upgrade interfaces, and to improve performance.Advise customer about or perform maintenance of software system.Consult with engineering staff to evaluate interface between hardware and software, develop specifications and performance requirements, or resolve customer problems.Other duties as assignedPosition Qualifications:Experience with one or more of the following environments: UNIX, Linux, Windows, Netware, iSeries, virtualization, cloud, web, storage, applications, and databases.Excellent motivation and analytical skills with strong technical abilities.Ability to work independently or in a team environmentAbility to organize and plan work to meet deadlinesEducation and/or Experience: A four (4) year bachelor's degree from an accredited college/university in computer engineering or a related field and a minimum of four (4) years of experience in software engineering of C and/or C++ or an equivalent combination of skills, knowledge and abilities. Unitrendsis an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ancestry, national origin, color, religion, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status.Upon conditional offer of employment, candidates are required to complete a criminal background check per Unitrends employment policy.
Science and Technology on a Mission! For more than 60 years, the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) has applied science and technology to make the world a safer place.  The Computation Directorate has multiple openings for computer scientists with a combination of education and experience commensurate with supporting a variety of software development assignments. The selected candidates will work on multi-disciplinary teams in an environment that encourages the support of the academic research community while focusing on problems of interest to LLNL and DOE programs as a member of a dynamic, multidisciplinary team environment. These positions will be within a group in the Computation Directorate.  This position will be filled at either the SES.1 or SES.2 level depending on your qualifications. Additional job responsibilities (outlined below) will be assigned if you are selected at the higher level. Essential DutiesProvide computer science software development support using industry standard software development practices and modern programming languages and operating systems.Develop a range of applications including scientific, graphical user interface, database, and visualization applications on UNIX platforms.Participate in the requirements definition, analysis, design, implementation, debugging, testing, and optimization of computer programs on workstations.Participate in a research team, including supporting work and research papers.Contribute to the fulfillment of technical projects and organizational objectives functioning as an effective team member on multi-disciplinary teams.Engage other developers frequently to share relevant knowledge, opinions, and recommendations, working to fulfill deliverables as a teamPerform other duties as assigned.In Addition at the SES.2 LevelDesign, implement, deploy, and maintain software systems using object-oriented analysis, design, and programming techniques.Provide solutions to moderately complex problems involving largely identifiable factors QualificationsBachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, or a related field, or equivalent level of demonstrated knowledge.Skilled in all aspects of software project life cycle: feasibility, requirements, design, implementation, integration, test and deployment.Experience developing software with either C++ or JAVA within Linux, UNIX, and Windows environments.Demonstrated ability to effectively manage concurrent technical tasks with competing priorities and meet deadlines that are important to project success.Demonstrated ability to approach difficult problems with enthusiasm and creativity.Demonstrated effective interpersonal skills necessary to interact with all levels of personnel and ability to work independently in a multi-disciplinary team environment.Effective written and verbal communication skills to prepare, present, and document technical information.In Addition at the SES.2 LevelDemonstrated ability to work effectively with minimal guidance.Demonstrated ability to provide innovative approaches and apply new technologies to broadly defined tasks and projects.Demonstrated ability to apply effective analytical and problem-solving skills to complex problems. Desired QualificationsMaster’s Degree in Computer Science or related field.Experience with Python, Perl, Web Technologies, Ajax, or HTML5, Oracle database schema design and SQL, distributed control systems, real-time operating systems, Big Data analytics, NAS, platforms, resource management systems, Linux virtualization, cloud computing technologies, grid frame works, and cloud file systems, revision control systems, remote boot protocols, and/or experience in a High Performance Computing environment.Experience with application development using object oriented methods, an understanding of fundamental networking and distributed computing concepts, and/or experience maintaining an IBM BlueGene system. Pre-Employment Drug Test: External applicant(s) selected for this position will be required to pass a post-offer, pre-employment drug test. Anticipated Clearance Level: Q (Position will be cleared to this level). Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or matter. In addition, all L or Q cleared employees are subject to random drug testing. If you hold multiple citizenships (U.S. and another country), you may be required to renounce your non-U.S. citizenship before a DOE L or Q clearance will be processed/granted. Note: This listing has multiple openings; to be filled as Career Indefinite or as At Will appointments. Lab employees and external candidates may be considered for these positions. About Us Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), located in the San Francisco Bay Area (East Bay), is a premier applied science laboratory that is part of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) within the Department of Energy (DOE). LLNL's mission is strengthening national security by developing and applying cutting-edge science, technology, and engineering that respond with vision, quality, integrity, and technical excellence to scientific issues of national importance. The Laboratory has a current annual budget of about $1.8 billion, employing approximately 6,500 employees.  LLNL is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, medical condition, protected veteran status, age, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.
We are now looking for a Sr. System Software Engineer. Nvidia’s invention of the GPU 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Today, we are increasingly known as “the AI computing company”. We are looking to grow our company , and grow our teams with the smartest people in the world. We are looking for you.  NVIDIA is hiring engineers to work in our system software engineering teams. The best candidates will have strong C/C++ programming skills, a thorough understanding of operating systems and kernel programming, a good understanding of hardware architecture, and excellent communication and planning skills. What you’ll be doing:You will work closely with both hardware engineers and other software engineers to design, develop, and debug products and solutions based on our multimedia accelerator and mobile system-on-chip (SOC) devices.You will work to extend and realize features of the platform. From research of component and interfaces to building proof of concepts to product, you will be part of the whole journey.What we need to see:BS or MS degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related degree8+ years of relevant software development experienceExcellent C/C++ programming skillsFamiliarity with computer system architectures and the hardware/software interface layer modelsInterest in low-level operating system knowledge, specifically memory/resource management, scheduling and process control, hardware virtualization and peripheral interface and drivers.Kernel experience with Linux, Android and QNX is a plus.Ability to work at scale of full product and solution covering multiple componentsComfort experimenting with new components, hardware and software including build and packaging systems.Experience with complex system-level debugging is invaluableProven track record of exposing features and functions as user apps and UI elements is a strong plus.Exposure to Deep Learning is a strong plus NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people on the planet working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!  NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
JOB PURPOSE: The Software Engineer  is responsible for writing, documenting, and implementing software code  applications both individually and as part of a team to support functionality  requirements of Unitec product solutions. Current solution set includes  Intranet/Internet website(s), windows and web-services, windows forms  applications, client-server solutions, retail Kiosk platforms. Client solutions  are heavy hardware-software integration solutions, with a myriad of hardware  components and complex communication and control protocols. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS &RESPONSIBILITIES To perform this  job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of these  essential functions at a satisfactorily level. Other essential and non-essential functions  may be assigned. Reasonable  accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform  the essential functions.Develop  all software code and database components for all application layers using a  variety of browser-based and .NET technologies.Design,  develop, troubleshoot, debug, and implement SQL stored procedures, triggers,  etc.Work  with engineers and other members of the project team to enhance and maintain  web pages, web site, services, applications, serving as either stand-alone,  front-end or back-end.Defect  tracking, source control management, functional and unit testing.Assess  database needs and have the ability to recommend requirements for systems  changes and enhancements as well as database performance optimization.Perform  troubleshooting and programming analysis of system issues, including  identification and resolution of security related events.SUPERVISORY RESPONSBILITIES: Indicate the total number of employees  supervised and the nature of supervision such as training/guiding others leading  projects or teams evaluating performance and/or recommending personnel  actions. Please check the statement which most applies to the supervisory  responsibility assigned to your position.None  Human  relations Describe the nature of the interaction that this position has with  others within and outside of the company including context purpose and  frequency.Internal  contacts include staff at all levels. Contact involves troubleshooting,  informing, exchanging information; making recommendations; and taking  information, orders, or instructions. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: These  requirements describe the minimum level of qualifications needed for an  individual to perform the essential functions of the position including  education, licensure or certification, and any measurable, job related  experience.Minimum  of 7 years of experience with system integration, system interfacing.Minimum  of 10 years of experience in developing all application layers using a variety  of browser-based and .NET  technologies including C#, VB.net, ASP.Net, HTML, XML, CSS, AJAX, etc..Minimum  of 7 years of experience using SQL and key components of SQL Server.Minimum  of 7 years of both hand-on practical experience as well as software integration  experience with various retail-grade hardware devices and protocols such as  OPOS, I2C Bus, etc. such as Bill Acceptors/Dispensers, Coin Acceptors, MSR  devices, Retail Kiosk Printers, touch-screens, RFID, NFC, etc.Minimum  of 5 years of experience or familiarity with PCI compliance and Card Data handling.Demonstrated  ability to develop, implement, troubleshoot and debug n-tier software  solutions, code and databases utilizing technologies such as C#, VB.NET,  ASP.NET, T-SQL, HTML, XML, TCP/IP, RS-232.Demonstrated  ability to maintain web pages, services and applications, serving as either  stand-alone or front-end/back-end solutions. Must have demonstrable experience  with full life cycle development activities in an Agile SCRUM environment.  Experience with defect tracking, source control management, functional and unit  testing (both manual and automated).KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES(TECHNICAL)Windows embedded OS: XPe, WinPOS 7Microsoft VS 2008,  2010, 2013SQL 2005, 2008+All versions of .net  frameworkC#ASP.NETWin FormsWindows servicesWeb Services (including  WCF)VBSCRIPT, JAVASCRIPT,  LINQAJAXMulti-ThreadingOPOSI2C
 Software EngineerDescription: We are seeking an experienced and motivated C# .NET WEB.API developer to join our growing product team in Los Angeles. Our BI360 cloud suite encompasses financial and operational reporting and planning functionality, as well as data Integration and data visualization components. If you currently live near West Los Angeles and think you are a match for this position, please contact us today. Responsibilities: Your primary responsibilities will be focused on building our next generation web service for our Data Warehouse and Data Integrations engine. Experience and qualifications: Completed Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related field required. An exceptional academic history with proven hands on experience is required.  To succeed in this role, candidates should have the following: 2+ years fulltime development experience utilizing C#, ASP.NET Web APIAn enthusiasm for learning new languages and technologies and applying them.Strong ability to write and debug SQL queries, especially Microsoft SQL Server.Experience building RESTful API's with ASP.NET Web API, JSON.Experience with object oriented programming, including strong working knowledge and experience with application architecture and design patterns.A good understanding of data structures available in the BCL.A good understanding of tasks, generics, LINQ, lambdas and other modern C# programming idioms.The ability to model a problem domain in code and communication.A ruthless desire to manage complexity and simplify code.Exposure to all aspects of the software development lifecycle.A desire to improve the team’s workflow and not be satisfied with the status quo.Excellent organizational, qualitative and analytical skills as well as the ability to apply a creative approach to problem solving.Nice to have:Experience with creating or consuming micro-services, especially with Service Fabric.Experience creating and deploying Docker containers.Experience architecting or working within a distributed solution.Experience architecting and deploying into public clouds, particularly Azure.Experience with NOSQL or Big Data.Agile development methodologiesExposure to multiple programming languages, patterns, techniques and paradigms.A list of technologies you are excited to work with.Examples of personally developed source code, e.g. GitHub, open-source, etc. Languages other than C# are fine. This position is open to candidates currently residing in the greater Los Angeles area. The position is full time work in our Los Angeles Head Quarters. Learn more about life at Solver here: https://www.linkedin.com/company-beta/38094/life/ Apply Here
 Overview  Calling creative and innovative product designers! Join the Location Analytics team in our R&D division and work with product managers, engineers, and user researchers to capture project design requirements. You’ll work alongside team members to design how users interact with our software products. Designers are expected to design user flows all the way down to the fine details, including exception handling and individual UI widgets, working with guidance and feedback from product owners and team leads. Responsibilities:Create information architecture diagrams, user experience workflow diagrams, wireframes, proof-of-concepts, and interactive prototypesCreate holistic design solutions that address business, brand, and user requirementsEffectively communicate conceptual ideas, design rationale, and the specifics of user centered design processFoster collaboration and present cohesive interaction, design, and user experience approaches to a non-design audienceStay up to date with new technologies and trends in the web design spaceManage a large body of work in a fast-paced environmentRequirementsDemonstrated experience designing software product UX in an iterative development environmentExperience identifying solutions that are outside of the obvious design spaceAbility to clearly and succinctly present UX design concepts and explain UX design thinking to non-design stakeholdersYou’ve worked as part of a highly collaborative team; you listen effectively, respect others’ perspectives and contributions, and offer and accept feedback openlyOutstanding verbal and written presentation and facilitation skills, with the ability to quickly adapt the content to the audienceOrganized, able to think beyond what is asked for, and able to juggle multiple projects and competing priorities in a fast-paced, often evolving environment (even if it’s always sunny outside)Stay up to date with new web design trends and technologiesSolid knowledge of the requirements of the creative process including typical time and resources needed to produce quality work with efficiency on time and to specification4+ years of experience as a user experience designer working on software productsPortfolio of UX design work demonstrating expertise with a wide range of UX design techniquesBachelor’s or master’s in human computer interaction, computer science, or related field, depending on position levelRecommended Qualifications:Background in software engineering to include writing code as part for your career, hobbies, or educationExperience working client side as a UX designer on products at a software development company The Company  Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them. Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more. Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Engineering is what drives Fareportal. We are one of the fastest growing travel technology companies in the world; our portfolio of travel brands, including flagship product CheapOair, receive over 100 million visitors annually.  We are seeking a high performing, dynamic, multitasking .Net Engineer for our Ancillaries team to develop and code on one of our fast paced web product development teams that is experiencing very high growth domestically and internationally.  There isnt a better time to join our growing global team as you will have the opportunity to work with cutting edge technology as well as the opportunity to learn from some of the best developers in the world. Responsibilities:Participate in all aspects of the agile product development life cycle from design to deliveryWork closely with the product managers, infrastructure and development teams to help deliver innovative, world-class SaaS solutionsDesign and develop high-quality code exhibiting excellent performance that meets product requirements with a strong focus on scalability, maintainability, and securityWork on exciting projects of Globalization and Localization for our international travel automation projectsTremendous exposure to a wide range of technologies and business problems you will solve using the latest and greatest web technologiesOpportunity to interact with various clients and collaborate on different projectsRequirements:BackgroundBachelor's degree in Computer Science/ Software Engineering degree or related discipline1-3 years of software development experience delivering commercial software productsSkillsExperience in C#, .NET, ASP.NET & MVC, SOA and WCF/XML/Web Api developmentExperience in client side development frameworks such as JavaScript, JSON and JQueryExperience with OOP, SDLC, pattern and practices in multi-tenant systemFamiliar with security mechanisms, including web and web service security and their implementationsDesiredFamiliar with ORM, IOC pattern and frameworksExperience with Team Foundation Server is a big plusExperience in cloud based software development, and HTML5OTA/Flights experience; with a strong understanding of the industryPersonal Impact: Our casual company culture boasts innovation, collaboration and harbors a unique entrepreneurial spirit.  The right people will. . . . Understand the unique challenges and tremendous opportunities associated with a rapidly growing fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment, with the ability to deal with ambiguity but equally the freedom to explore and innovate.Manage a continuously evolving sets of priorities when everything (really-everything!) is important. You cant get overwhelmed or sidetracked easily.Be vocal with idea generation; speaking-up fuels discussion, ideation and group-think. 98% ideas may fly by the way side but your impenetrable spirit allows the other 2% to soar! Your voice defines the value you bring to the organization.Have the maturity to work on goals at hand, but also the ability to consider overall strategiesUnderstand power of our ownership culture; built on principles and values that compel everyone at Fareportal to think and act like an owner of the business Mission: To be the world's best flight booking and customer experience company with a human touch
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU DO NOT NEED SPONSORSHIP TO WORK IN THE UNITED STATES NOW OR IN THE FUTURE. WE ARE UNABLE TO CONSIDER CANDIDATES WHO REQUIRE SPONSORSHIP.Why General Motors? At GM, weve charged ourselves with one mission: to design, build and sell the worlds best vehicles. And to achieve our goals, were currently undergoing one of the largest information technology transformations in the history of the automotive industry.  GM IT is a leader in cutting edge technologies such as Mobility, Telematics, Mission-Critical Business Systems, Supercomputing, Vehicle Engineering, and Real-time Computing. We offer challenging growth oriented positions for passionate professionals looking to get in on the ground-floor of a growing Fortune 5 firm that is re-inventing IT with a laser focus on innovation, speed, and business value. About the General Motors Connected Ecosystem Integration IT Team At CEI, we dont design the transportation. We design the transportation experience. CEI IT employees develop the technology enabling a new generation of connected vehicles. This technology is a key enabler to things like smarter car sharing programs, more advanced active safety and even autonomous driving. These capabilities exist through the largest implementation of 4G LTE in the automotive industry and a vehicle wired to collect thousands of data elements. Our environment requires an architecture that can support over 900,000 vehicle transactions per hour with sub-second response times. 4GLTE capability has been described as an "untapped, under-appreciated opportunity" valued at $350M in improved 2018 profits. The innovation our teams are driving is game changing to the consumer, to the industry and to the company. About the Role The Java Software Development Associate role will involve close interaction with the Systems Architect, Development Team Leaders, Senior System Developer, business team members and other members of the development team and will demand a proficient level of software development (design, code and test) to implement and deliver enhancements. There will be ample opportunities to quickly expand on your technical experience, with plenty of business exposure.  The Java Software Development Associate will play a key role in the development of new features and functionality. The Java Software Development Associate is expected to be able to understand and demonstrate proficiency in Java/Java Script as well as knowledge of software development methodologies.  The ideal candidate for this Java Software Development Associate role will possess a passion for technology and a desire to have exposure to, and learn more about Connected Ecosystem Integration.  Check out the video of:  The Best Job in IT with GM. Minimum Qualifications Applicants must have strong core Java skills gained in a business environment along with the following technical skills and experience:  - Bachelors Degree from an Accredited Institution or 3 years of relevant professional experience  - 1 -5 years of software development experience with Java  - Experience with web technologies (ideally HTML 5, CSS 3, jQuery, JavaScript)  - Experience of the full software development lifecycle (SDLC)  - Experience with OO analysis and design  - Some knowledge of SQL and Oracle  - Ability to clearly communicate with peers, business analysts, and subject matter experts
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
 Software Developer I  Entry Level  Superion | Product Development | High Point, NC Software DeveloperSummary: Developer will be collaborating with a team to develop high value, high quality software. As part of that endeavor, they will engage in the all aspects of the software development life-cycle including: Establishing requirements for and designing product featuresPlanning releasesEstablishing test scenarios and testingImplementing and debugging featuresDocumenting, installing, training and supporting products. Developer should expect to be working in a collaborative environment the vast majority of the time with occasional independent work. Developer can expect to get guidance from their team and manager on a daily basis. Developer will be expected to continue to grow their skills to improve their productivity. Skills & RequirementsRequirements:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field0-2 years of experience in software development with understanding of web technologiesProficient in object-oriented programming (C# or Java)Knowledge of web programming technologies; JavaScript, HTML and CSSKnowledge of SQL databasesExcellent verbal and written communication skillsStrong interpersonal and teamwork skillsOther preferred experience, not required:Prior experience with MVC/Web APIPrior experience with Entity FrameworkPrior experience consuming and writing RESTful web servicesPrior experience with JSONPrior experience with Angular and/or JQueryExperience working with TFS
 The Alternative Investment Solutions division at State Street Corporation is looking for an IT professional to be part of our application development team with a demonstrated experience with core Sybase, C, and Java technologies. The selected candidate will play a key role in the development of our new product capabilities as well as continued refinement of our existing applications. This role will be responsible for delivering projects in an Agile manner utilizing mixed resource models including off shore, near shore and co-located development staff. Primary Responsibilities:Work as part of an Agile team to develop and execute delivery of our highest priority projects.Work with the support group to analyze, reproduce and resolve production issues across multiple Private Equity applications.Be an owner of our development process and foster a culture of continuous improvement.Work with business operations teams to understand client and business requirements in order to deliver enhanced functionality.Qualifications4 years of experience of professional software developmentSybase experience (database and stored procedures).Experience with C and JavaNeeds to be comfortable working in the Unix environmentAbility to analyze business requirements and develop solutions to the Business needsExperience in Agile Software Development Life Cycle and able to deliver small or medium projects.Proven ability to efficiently diagnose and address complex technical problemsStrong experience in complex large-scale environments with proven ability to develop clear documentation and conduct effective knowledge transfersProduce code for new and modified functionality that meet user requirements and conform to departmental standards.Resolve production issues recognizing system deficiencies and implementing effective solutionsMust be a team player with demonstrable collaboration skills.Ability to work independently with minimal or no guidanceAbility to multi-task and meet aggressive timelinesSelf-motivated individual and creative thinker who will take ownership of tasks and projects.Able to work effectively with other teams.Have the willingness to take extra step to achieve the goal.B.S. or equivalent degree in Computer Science or related fieldStrong written and oral communication skills self-motivated detail oriented and highly responsible.Strong collaboration skills working with multiple teams in various locationsFinancial industry experience is a plus
 Nyansa is looking for a versatile front end developer to join the team that is building a new, vendor-agnostic IT network analytics service purpose built for CIOs, network operations and helpdesk personnel managing heterogeneous enterprise environments. Our product is focused on the end user experience by helping IT staff gain new insights into client access conditions, network service behavior and enterprise applications issues that impact user performance.  The company is well funded and provides competitive compensation package, stock options, benefits, catered lunch, and a fun work environment.  The company is head quartered in Palo Alto, CA. Responsibilities:Design and develop rich single-page application that combines consumer-grade usability and design sensibility with enterprise-grade performance, scalability, and reliability.Take ownership and rapidly iterate while collaborating actively as part of a small, highly talented team.Requirements:Strong desire to work for an early stage startup and contribute at a high levelWorking experience with HTML5, CSS and at least one of the modern Javascript frameworks: Angular, React, BackboneAbility to do full stackA good sense of aesthetics and usabilityWorking knowledge of nosql databasesB.S. or higher degree in Computer Science or equivalentPluses:Angular, RoR, D3, SassJava, ScalaExperience with Cassandra, Elasticsearch, Mongo
 Why should you intern with us? You’ll do much more than make coffee and push paper. The idea is to learn about the industry and career you want. Interns at Quicken Loans Family of Companies gain priceless, hands-on experience across a smorgasbord of fields. Dynamic team members interact in a high-energy, super fast-paced environment to impact the business on a daily basis.  We've been on Computerworld's "Best Places to Work in IT" list for 12 years running, hitting #1 the last five years and we were ranked #10 in FORTUNE Magazine’s list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2017, remaining in the top-30 for the past 14 years. Plus, Quicken Loans ranked #4 for best internships in the country by Glassdoor.com.  If you want to have an incredible experience, make new friends, and be a part of something bigger than a run-of-the-mill job, join our team and start down an AMAZING career path!  As a Software Developer Intern, you’ll gain real world professional experience while working on new processes and technologies that will improve day-to-day operations across the company for our team members and our clients. In this role, you’ll have the opportunity to put your skills to use and learn some new tricks along the way. ResponsibilitiesAssist with building and deploying support to internal clients through IM, phone and face-to-face interactionCollaborate with engineers, developers, architects, QA, system engineers and product managers in solving new and existing technical issuesUnderstand requirements, implement designs, and provide administration tools and documentation for specific projectsDevelop and maintain software to support business functionsParticipate in design and code reviewsFollow and enhance existing development processesMeasure and verify that codes have acceptable performance and scalabilityRequirements Strong desire to learn about programming and IT General working knowledge and interest in technology Proficiency in the Microsoft Office suite Excellent verbal and written communication skills Some experience with and knowledge of programmingPursuing a degree in computer science, IT, information systems or a similar fieldLearn and grow in a Software Developer Internship in one of the following areas Business Analysis Software Development Business Intelligence Client Platforms Mortgage Platforms Information Security Infrastructure Operations Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions together and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today.  Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. Disclaimer: Quicken Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010-2016 Primary Mortgage Origination StudiesSM. 2016 study based on 3,267 total responses measuring 13 lenders and measures opinions of consumers who originated a new mortgage. Proprietary study results are based on experiences and perceptions of consumers surveyed in July-August 2016. Your experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com Quicken Loans is the #1 online lender and the 3rd largest retail mortgage lender in America – according to National Mortgage News.
 Software Developer  Draper, UT Position Description: Reynolds and Reynolds is looking for creative individuals who are driven to produce great software solutions at our Draper, UT office. As a Software Developer, you will be responsible for reviewing business specifications, providing a technical design, coding, and testing for your own projects. You will work with both new and existing products to ensure maximum performance and effectiveness. Additionally, you will be developing and executing software test plans such as unit testing, integration testing, system testing and acceptance testing Training: On-the Job Requirements:Bachelor's degree or graduation from a Technical school preferredHigh attention to detailKnowledge of .NET framework including C#, ASP.NET, MVC, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML, CSS, web services, XML and SQL.Must be able to work independently and with a team
 Job DescriptionJoin our exciting, fast-paced development team in a growth-oriented, creative, and energetic environment. Our IT department develops vital products for our customers and provides top-notch technical support, in addition to developing and maintaining in-house hardware, software, and networking systems. We are dedicated to providing our customers the most up-to-date solutions for all their learning, continuing education, and test preparation needs. Location: Gainesville, Florida Description Be part of a fast-paced team within the IT department that develops, documents, tests, and maintains a wide array of software including web, mobile, and desktop customer facing applications, along with internal server, desktop, and web systems. Your Expected Duties Our projects vary widely in scope and technology, but essentially you will be doing these types of tasks on a day-to-day basis: Designing and implementing new software.Maintaining and improving the functionality of existing software and products.Developing test cases and project documentation.Conducting code reviews of colleagues' work.Communicating with managers, technical support, networking, and your developer colleagues. Database design and implementation (most often with MySQL).Web design (many of our products are online courses and emulations of existing standardized tests).The most common work setup is a Windows PC with shell access to our Linux servers; most of your development work will be on the Linux servers, although you have freedom to choose to develop directly on the server or use a Windows IDE or other editing tools.Miscellaneous other duties as needed.RequirementsMust be able to work on-site in Gainesville, Florida.A computer science degree or mathematical degree a plus.Knowledge of and experience with at least one of the following languages, or a suitably similar alternative: Java, PHP, or C++.Ability to critically think and understand projects from the business, customer, and technical perspectives.Strong attention to detail.Able to be self directed and work independently.Ability to multitask and adapt to quickly changing priorities and technologies.Experience as a software developer a plus.What You Get Out of ItWe accommodate those just starting their software development career, with a built-in company philosophy of continual improvement of the abilities of both our customers and employees. We accommodate seasoned pros by allowing freedom, responsibility, and ownership of your projects.You will have a wide choice of technologies to use such as your preferred IDE and development tools, and server scripting languages and tools.We offer a low-stress, comfortable, and friendly work environment with minimal bureaucracy; our focus is on getting projects done. Yet we follow, train, and enforce professional software development habits.We are very flexible with work hours and we accommodate a wide range of work schedules. Gleim is a great place to work. We have flexible time and a casual dress. We have a fantastic benefit package that includes medical, dental, vision, disability, life insurance, retirement/profit sharing, PTO time, holiday pay, tuition reimbursement and more.  Position is available immediately, pending background/reference checks, and drug test. Drug and Smoke Free Workplace. Equal Opportunity Employer.  Please check us out at our website at www.gleim.com.Company DescriptionLOCATED IN GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA  Gleim Publications is an established and thriving provider of accounting and aviation certification exam review courses located in Gainesville, Florida. Our goal is to assist students, accountants and pilots in advancing their careers, refining their skills and increasing their potential profitability in today's competitive job market.  Our company has over 130 employees and is still growing. Gleim Exam Prep is a profitable, stable company, founded by Dr. Irvin Gleim 40+ years ago. He is a Professor Emeritis at the Fisher School of Accounting at the University of Florida.  We have flexible work schedules, a casual work environment, opportunities for growth and leadership, a supportive, friendly team environment, competitive salaries and outstanding benefits.  Gleim Solar Power - In December of 2008, Gleim had a solar electricity generating system installed on the rooftop of its main building at 4201 N.W. 95th Blvd. in Gainesville, FL. Things have been sunny ever since. The system, which was the largest in Gainesville when it was first activated, remains one of the largest of its kind. In addition, it is one of the few systems that is actually producing more electricity than the business is using, making Gleim a "net negative" user of energy. The Gleim system was the first feed-in tariff commercial system in the United States. Feed-in tariff systems were first promoted in Germany, which is now the world's largest solar market. Launched for the first time in the U.S. in March of 2009 by Gainesville Regional Utilities, a city-owned utility, the feed-in tariff program encourages local businesses to invest in renewable energy. Under the program, GRU, which serves some 90,000 customers, contracted to buy power back for 20 years at a predetermined price. Rates were determined by the size of the system installed.  Dr. Irvin Gleim, President of Gleim Publications, states, "We see ourselves as stewards of the environment. Philosophically, making this investment was the right thing to do and fits with our existing operation. The GRU program made the decision to install the solar electricity generating system good business sense."  Gleim is a smoke- and drug-free, safe, and family-oriented workplace located in Gainesville, Florida. We are dedicated to helping and teaching both our customers and employees. We employ full-time professionals as well as students from many colleges & universities. We continually seek to hire qualified and success-driven individuals to join our team. We promote equal opportunity policies and practices and welcome diversity for all our career opportunities. We are committed to treating all employees, applicants, clients & vendors with respect and dignity. Our diversity at Gleim reflects our strong value system and we provide exciting opportunities within our company. Candidates who are offered positions at Gleim Publications will complete drug tests and background checks.  We have a great benefit package that includes medical, dental, vision, disability, life insurance, AD&D, profit sharing/retirement/PTO/Holiday pay/Tuition reimbursement. Casual environment, family friendly, flexible schedules and more.  Please complete an online application on www.gleim.com/employment.  For more information, visit our website at www.gleim.com.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
DescriptionProvides technical direction. Validates requirements, performs analysis and design for system improvements and new applications. Represents department by leading work and providing guidance to others.Validates requirements, performs analysis, design, programming, testing, documentation and support for assigned projects to drive application changes.Reviews and provides input to documentation for other departments (e.g. support, training, business units).Ensures team compliance with standards and procedures (e.g. change management, version control, implementation) and/or consistency of coding. Recognizes code, process and/or standard inefficiencies and suggests new standards and opportunities for improvement.Participates in investigation of opportunities for improvement and makes recommendations. May consult technical equipment / software vendors and current users in these evaluations.Responds to questions, researches / resolves issue and/or coordinates resolution of issues to complete project work and provide technical support for production applications including high impact production issues.For the Enterprise Development project team, defines tasks, gathers estimates, and creates and maintains project schedules to organize and prioritize work. Conducts project meetings and collects and tracks status against the schedule to monitor project progress. Represents department at project team meetings. Acts as a focal point to communicate department project activities and status. Under management review, conducts one-on-one meetings with team members and writes and administers team member project performance reviews to facilitate the project and to provide feedback to the manager to aid in the professional development of the team member.Acquires and utilizes strong technical and / or application knowledge to independently produce deliverables and recognizes the impact (e.g. design documentation, system changes). Acts as a technical leader by making significant technical contributions (e.g. designs and documents program changes, provides technical direction). Demonstrates versatility of knowledge and applies strong technical skill base to contribute to related applications outside specific area of expertise.RequirementsBA/BS degree in computer-related field.A minimum of five years relevant experience.Experience using one or more programming language(s). Subject matter expert in at least one application or application. Demonstrated project leadership experience preferred.
 Software Developer What We Do: Temenos Group is a market leading banking software provider,  partnering with banks and other financial institutions to transform  their businesses and stay ahead of a changing marketplace.  Headquartered in Geneva and with more than 55 offices worldwide,  Temenos software is proven in over 2,000 customer deployments in more  than 150 countries across the world. Temenos was the winner of the  Best Core Banking Product in Banking Technology magazine s Readers  Choice Awards for four consecutive years, and in 2015, Temenos topped  both the Forrester and IBS Intelligence league tables for sales of  mission-critical software for the banking and finance industry. What We Need: We are looking for a Software Developer who will be a member of a team  of software professionals responsible for the requirements, design,  construction, integration, testing, verification and maintenance of  the Temenos line of software products. The individual must be  forward-thinking and share in a common vision of quality, integrity  and efficiency. What You ll Do:Create efficient, scalable and reusable middle tier logic using the following: *******, MVC, ******, C#, WCF, and other languages  as needed. Create and design databases, views, stored procedures, T-SQL statements and user-defined functions of varying complexity with a  best practices approach to keys, indices and relationships in  SQL Server 2012 and 2014. Create front end web interfaces using the following: Knockout.JS, JQuery, JavaScript, Bootstrap and AJAX. Author technical design documentation that fully defines all application code and the underlying methodology for the design  decisions made. Research and identify cause of reported defects and issues.Establish all possible options for designing and deriving the best solutions based on sound analytical judgment, team input and the  customers best interest. Design push and pull data interfaces using the latest web and data sharing technologies integrated to a multitude of third party  providers. Develop software according to functional and technical design specifications and maintain a common sense approach that serves  to recognize potential design gaps and provide insight into  closing them. Familiarity with Windows 2016 Server, IIS, and SQL Server 2017 with regards to administration and performance tuning a major  plus. Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures; Review code for potential performance issues,  reusability, and/or anomalies. Troubleshoot client problems.Develop patches and defect fixes.What You ll Need:Bachelor s Degree in a related field2-5 years of technical experienceBanking and credit union experience a plusTechnical Skills: Fluency in ******, C#, *******, T-SQL, AJAX, HTML, JavaScript, WCF, MVC, and others as necessary. How To Join: Temenos is a company that embodies a culture of openness and  meritocracy that allows us to attract the best people and to set them  free to make things happen. If you are looking to become a member of  our winning team please send your resume to **************************  for review.
Ceridian. Makes Work Life Better™ This is our promise. Not only for our customers, but our employees as well.  Ceridian is a cloud company powered by people. Join us as we transform the world of work for millions of employees around the world. Our products help employees be paid on time, apply for promotions, grow their careers, and support their work/life fit. Our solutions and our people work together to help organizations control costs, save time, optimize their workforce, minimize risk and grow their businesses.  As a software company specializing in human capital management (HCM), Ceridian has not only invested heavily in cloud software development but in its people as well. We have a variety of career growth (Top Talent, Career Pathing, Tuition Reimbursement, & Job Rotation) and Diversity/Inclusion (YOUnity and Ceridian’s Women Network) programs to support your career journey at Ceridian.  We are looking for fun, intelligent, team oriented people who believe in our values: Customer Focus, Transparency, Diligence, Optimism, and Agility.  Find out why Ceridian employees declare Ceridian a Great Place to Work® in 2017, a Glassdoor Best Places to Work in 2017, and one of Canada’s Top 100 Employers for 2017!About the Position:Reporting to the Development Manager, the Senior Developer is responsible for designing and implementing new development projects as well completing and augmenting the current solutions and services. They will collaborate with Technical Product Managers, Developers, Technical Writing and Quality Assurance throughout the development process to ensure the product is functionally complete and well-engineered.This is an excellent opportunity to join a rapidly growing innovator in a technically challenging and rewarding role. Through our training and mentoring program, you will develop deep technical expertise and gain valuable business and industry related experience.Responsibilities:Analyze, design, prototype, develop test and support – complete software lifecycle in your handsWork with clients, prospects, implementation partners, and Dayforce personnel to envision and deliver required functionalityCreate and enhance a scalable enterprise applicationAssess risks and impacts on the existing system as new functions are addedAbility to do effective code reviews of peer workMentor other developers and share knowledgeQualifications:C#, Java, HTML 5, JavaScript, CSS.NET Framework 4.5, Web development including WCF and JSONASP .NET MVC 4 or other MVC web frameworksProficiency with SQL and an understanding of relational database systemsExperience working in an agile development environmentExcellent communication and collaboration skillsExtensive experience in enterprise software developmentExperience working with SaaS product companiesDesired SkillsHuman Capital Management domain experience is a significant plusKnowledge of JavaScript frameworks such as Knockout, Backbone, jQueryCeridian combines the excitement of a startup environment, with the growth opportunities of a large organization. We believe our employees should be happy and healthy, with peace of mind and a sense of fulfillment. We provide our employees with comprehensive benefits for various life circumstances and needs, great opportunities for career development, and a balanced lifestyle to achieve personal and professional success.  Ceridian is fueled by the diversity of our talented employees. We are an equal opportunity employer and embrace all individuals and what makes them unique. We consider all applicants, regardless of age, religion, race, color, ancestry, gender, gender identity, disability, national origin, race, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws. We enthusiastically encourage all individuals to apply for positions that fit their passions. Come join our inclusive team and start collaborating with us on award winning projects!  Connect with us on Twitter @CeridianCareers or Facebook CeridianCareers  We thank all applicants in advance for their interest in this position, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.
 Join the winning Unitrends team! We are the fastest-growing provider of comprehensive data protection and disaster recovery solutions in the industry today. With an unparalleled cost-to-value ratio, we enable our customers to protect their most valuable assets and focus on whats most importanttheir business. To learn more, visit us at www.unitrends.com Software Engineer The software engineer contributes directly in the design, development, and integration of assigned environments. Software engineers are expected to have knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures as well as more in depth knowledge of select areas in computer engineering and apply those to develop and maintain Unitrends products. Software engineers are expected to have knowledge in environments including but not limited to: UNIX, Linux, Windows, VMware, Hyper-V, virtualization, cloud, web, storage, applications, and databases. Essential Tasks, Duties and Responsibilities:Design, develop, and debug code modules from requirements definition through release to customersDetermine project scope, and deliver quality code through design, coding and testing phase within specified timelines, tracking and reporting progress as required.Modify existing software to correct errors, to adapt it to new hardware, to upgrade interfaces, and to improve performance.Advise customer about or perform maintenance of software system.Consult with engineering staff to evaluate interface between hardware and software, develop specifications and performance requirements, or resolve customer problems.Other duties as assignedPosition Qualifications:Experience with one or more of the following environments: UNIX, Linux, Windows, Netware, iSeries, virtualization, cloud, web, storage, applications, and databases.Excellent motivation and analytical skills with strong technical abilities.Ability to work independently or in a team environmentAbility to organize and plan work to meet deadlinesEducation and/or Experience: A four (4) year bachelor's degree from an accredited college/university in computer engineering or a related field and a minimum of four (4) years of experience in software engineering of C and/or C++ or an equivalent combination of skills, knowledge and abilities. Unitrendsis an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ancestry, national origin, color, religion, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status.Upon conditional offer of employment, candidates are required to complete a criminal background check per Unitrends employment policy.
We are now looking for a Sr. System Software Engineer. Nvidia’s invention of the GPU 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Today, we are increasingly known as “the AI computing company”. We are looking to grow our company , and grow our teams with the smartest people in the world. We are looking for you.  NVIDIA is hiring engineers to work in our system software engineering teams. The best candidates will have strong C/C++ programming skills, a thorough understanding of operating systems and kernel programming, a good understanding of hardware architecture, and excellent communication and planning skills. What you’ll be doing:You will work closely with both hardware engineers and other software engineers to design, develop, and debug products and solutions based on our multimedia accelerator and mobile system-on-chip (SOC) devices.You will work to extend and realize features of the platform. From research of component and interfaces to building proof of concepts to product, you will be part of the whole journey.What we need to see:BS or MS degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related degree8+ years of relevant software development experienceExcellent C/C++ programming skillsFamiliarity with computer system architectures and the hardware/software interface layer modelsInterest in low-level operating system knowledge, specifically memory/resource management, scheduling and process control, hardware virtualization and peripheral interface and drivers.Kernel experience with Linux, Android and QNX is a plus.Ability to work at scale of full product and solution covering multiple componentsComfort experimenting with new components, hardware and software including build and packaging systems.Experience with complex system-level debugging is invaluableProven track record of exposing features and functions as user apps and UI elements is a strong plus.Exposure to Deep Learning is a strong plus NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people on the planet working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!  NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Software EngineerDescription: We are seeking an experienced and motivated C# .NET WEB.API developer to join our growing product team in Los Angeles. Our BI360 cloud suite encompasses financial and operational reporting and planning functionality, as well as data Integration and data visualization components. If you currently live near West Los Angeles and think you are a match for this position, please contact us today. Responsibilities: Your primary responsibilities will be focused on building our next generation web service for our Data Warehouse and Data Integrations engine. Experience and qualifications: Completed Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related field required. An exceptional academic history with proven hands on experience is required.  To succeed in this role, candidates should have the following: 2+ years fulltime development experience utilizing C#, ASP.NET Web APIAn enthusiasm for learning new languages and technologies and applying them.Strong ability to write and debug SQL queries, especially Microsoft SQL Server.Experience building RESTful API's with ASP.NET Web API, JSON.Experience with object oriented programming, including strong working knowledge and experience with application architecture and design patterns.A good understanding of data structures available in the BCL.A good understanding of tasks, generics, LINQ, lambdas and other modern C# programming idioms.The ability to model a problem domain in code and communication.A ruthless desire to manage complexity and simplify code.Exposure to all aspects of the software development lifecycle.A desire to improve the team’s workflow and not be satisfied with the status quo.Excellent organizational, qualitative and analytical skills as well as the ability to apply a creative approach to problem solving.Nice to have:Experience with creating or consuming micro-services, especially with Service Fabric.Experience creating and deploying Docker containers.Experience architecting or working within a distributed solution.Experience architecting and deploying into public clouds, particularly Azure.Experience with NOSQL or Big Data.Agile development methodologiesExposure to multiple programming languages, patterns, techniques and paradigms.A list of technologies you are excited to work with.Examples of personally developed source code, e.g. GitHub, open-source, etc. Languages other than C# are fine. This position is open to candidates currently residing in the greater Los Angeles area. The position is full time work in our Los Angeles Head Quarters. Learn more about life at Solver here: https://www.linkedin.com/company-beta/38094/life/ Apply Here
 Engineering is what drives Fareportal. We are one of the fastest growing travel technology companies in the world; our portfolio of travel brands, including flagship product CheapOair, receive over 100 million visitors annually.  We are seeking a high performing, dynamic, multitasking .Net Engineer for our Ancillaries team to develop and code on one of our fast paced web product development teams that is experiencing very high growth domestically and internationally.  There isnt a better time to join our growing global team as you will have the opportunity to work with cutting edge technology as well as the opportunity to learn from some of the best developers in the world. Responsibilities:Participate in all aspects of the agile product development life cycle from design to deliveryWork closely with the product managers, infrastructure and development teams to help deliver innovative, world-class SaaS solutionsDesign and develop high-quality code exhibiting excellent performance that meets product requirements with a strong focus on scalability, maintainability, and securityWork on exciting projects of Globalization and Localization for our international travel automation projectsTremendous exposure to a wide range of technologies and business problems you will solve using the latest and greatest web technologiesOpportunity to interact with various clients and collaborate on different projectsRequirements:BackgroundBachelor's degree in Computer Science/ Software Engineering degree or related discipline1-3 years of software development experience delivering commercial software productsSkillsExperience in C#, .NET, ASP.NET & MVC, SOA and WCF/XML/Web Api developmentExperience in client side development frameworks such as JavaScript, JSON and JQueryExperience with OOP, SDLC, pattern and practices in multi-tenant systemFamiliar with security mechanisms, including web and web service security and their implementationsDesiredFamiliar with ORM, IOC pattern and frameworksExperience with Team Foundation Server is a big plusExperience in cloud based software development, and HTML5OTA/Flights experience; with a strong understanding of the industryPersonal Impact: Our casual company culture boasts innovation, collaboration and harbors a unique entrepreneurial spirit.  The right people will. . . . Understand the unique challenges and tremendous opportunities associated with a rapidly growing fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment, with the ability to deal with ambiguity but equally the freedom to explore and innovate.Manage a continuously evolving sets of priorities when everything (really-everything!) is important. You cant get overwhelmed or sidetracked easily.Be vocal with idea generation; speaking-up fuels discussion, ideation and group-think. 98% ideas may fly by the way side but your impenetrable spirit allows the other 2% to soar! Your voice defines the value you bring to the organization.Have the maturity to work on goals at hand, but also the ability to consider overall strategiesUnderstand power of our ownership culture; built on principles and values that compel everyone at Fareportal to think and act like an owner of the business Mission: To be the world's best flight booking and customer experience company with a human touch
PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU DO NOT NEED SPONSORSHIP TO WORK IN THE UNITED STATES NOW OR IN THE FUTURE. WE ARE UNABLE TO CONSIDER CANDIDATES WHO REQUIRE SPONSORSHIP.Why General Motors? At GM, weve charged ourselves with one mission: to design, build and sell the worlds best vehicles. And to achieve our goals, were currently undergoing one of the largest information technology transformations in the history of the automotive industry.  GM IT is a leader in cutting edge technologies such as Mobility, Telematics, Mission-Critical Business Systems, Supercomputing, Vehicle Engineering, and Real-time Computing. We offer challenging growth oriented positions for passionate professionals looking to get in on the ground-floor of a growing Fortune 5 firm that is re-inventing IT with a laser focus on innovation, speed, and business value. About the General Motors Connected Ecosystem Integration IT Team At CEI, we dont design the transportation. We design the transportation experience. CEI IT employees develop the technology enabling a new generation of connected vehicles. This technology is a key enabler to things like smarter car sharing programs, more advanced active safety and even autonomous driving. These capabilities exist through the largest implementation of 4G LTE in the automotive industry and a vehicle wired to collect thousands of data elements. Our environment requires an architecture that can support over 900,000 vehicle transactions per hour with sub-second response times. 4GLTE capability has been described as an "untapped, under-appreciated opportunity" valued at $350M in improved 2018 profits. The innovation our teams are driving is game changing to the consumer, to the industry and to the company. About the Role The Java Software Development Associate role will involve close interaction with the Systems Architect, Development Team Leaders, Senior System Developer, business team members and other members of the development team and will demand a proficient level of software development (design, code and test) to implement and deliver enhancements. There will be ample opportunities to quickly expand on your technical experience, with plenty of business exposure.  The Java Software Development Associate will play a key role in the development of new features and functionality. The Java Software Development Associate is expected to be able to understand and demonstrate proficiency in Java/Java Script as well as knowledge of software development methodologies.  The ideal candidate for this Java Software Development Associate role will possess a passion for technology and a desire to have exposure to, and learn more about Connected Ecosystem Integration.  Check out the video of:  The Best Job in IT with GM. Minimum Qualifications Applicants must have strong core Java skills gained in a business environment along with the following technical skills and experience:  - Bachelors Degree from an Accredited Institution or 3 years of relevant professional experience  - 1 -5 years of software development experience with Java  - Experience with web technologies (ideally HTML 5, CSS 3, jQuery, JavaScript)  - Experience of the full software development lifecycle (SDLC)  - Experience with OO analysis and design  - Some knowledge of SQL and Oracle  - Ability to clearly communicate with peers, business analysts, and subject matter experts
 Software Developer I  Entry Level  Superion | Product Development | High Point, NC Software DeveloperSummary: Developer will be collaborating with a team to develop high value, high quality software. As part of that endeavor, they will engage in the all aspects of the software development life-cycle including: Establishing requirements for and designing product featuresPlanning releasesEstablishing test scenarios and testingImplementing and debugging featuresDocumenting, installing, training and supporting products. Developer should expect to be working in a collaborative environment the vast majority of the time with occasional independent work. Developer can expect to get guidance from their team and manager on a daily basis. Developer will be expected to continue to grow their skills to improve their productivity. Skills & RequirementsRequirements:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field0-2 years of experience in software development with understanding of web technologiesProficient in object-oriented programming (C# or Java)Knowledge of web programming technologies; JavaScript, HTML and CSSKnowledge of SQL databasesExcellent verbal and written communication skillsStrong interpersonal and teamwork skillsOther preferred experience, not required:Prior experience with MVC/Web APIPrior experience with Entity FrameworkPrior experience consuming and writing RESTful web servicesPrior experience with JSONPrior experience with Angular and/or JQueryExperience working with TFS
 Nyansa is looking for a versatile front end developer to join the team that is building a new, vendor-agnostic IT network analytics service purpose built for CIOs, network operations and helpdesk personnel managing heterogeneous enterprise environments. Our product is focused on the end user experience by helping IT staff gain new insights into client access conditions, network service behavior and enterprise applications issues that impact user performance.  The company is well funded and provides competitive compensation package, stock options, benefits, catered lunch, and a fun work environment.  The company is head quartered in Palo Alto, CA. Responsibilities:Design and develop rich single-page application that combines consumer-grade usability and design sensibility with enterprise-grade performance, scalability, and reliability.Take ownership and rapidly iterate while collaborating actively as part of a small, highly talented team.Requirements:Strong desire to work for an early stage startup and contribute at a high levelWorking experience with HTML5, CSS and at least one of the modern Javascript frameworks: Angular, React, BackboneAbility to do full stackA good sense of aesthetics and usabilityWorking knowledge of nosql databasesB.S. or higher degree in Computer Science or equivalentPluses:Angular, RoR, D3, SassJava, ScalaExperience with Cassandra, Elasticsearch, Mongo

Job Description  You will manage a team of experienced Software Engineers and will help to deliver on Cisco’s roadmap for a unified feature rich OS to power Enterprise Networking and IoT. You will recruit, train, mentor and develop a team capable of delivering a cutting edge, powerful and flexible Operating System.   Role and Responsibilities:  • Lead talented group of engineers to deliver exceptional results by focusing efforts and enabling the team to succeed  • Manage employee career development and employee performance  • Promote and nurture team spirit and culture across the global team built on open communication, collaboration, teamwork, trust and integrity.  • Collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams and product management to develop product roadmap  • Manage project from conception to integration to delivery  • Develop training materials, tools, contingency plans and whatever else is required to make product successful  • Innovate every single day.   Who You'll Work With: • Other OS Infrastructure managers both locally and remote to deliver on the roadmap.  • HW platform teams looking to ship new products and support existing products  • Application teams with unique requirements  • Product Management teams to refine the roadmap  • Project Management teams to coordinate schedules    Who You Are  Minimum qualification: • Bachelors or higher degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering  • Minimum 10 years of hands-on developer experience  • 3 years of people management Desired Skills: • Strong verbal and written communication skills  • Thorough Knowledge of Linux at a System Level  • 10+ years experience in C/C++, Python, Make, Bash or similar languages  • Strong understanding of computing concepts such as Memory Management, Filesystems, SMP, ARM, MIPS, x86, bootloaders  • Tools and Compilers: gcc and/or clang, linkers, loaders, gdb, git, Jenkins  • Intermediate Networking Knowledge  • Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, good teammate  • Strong team building skills.   Why Cisco   We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with rare personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.   We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.   We Are Cisco.  Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.    *LI-CB1
Ashley Furniture Industries, Inc. is the largest manufacturer of furniture in the world. Established in 1945, Ashley offers one of the industry’s broadest product assortments to retail partners in 123 countries. We’re a privately-held, family-owned business that offers great stability, a record of unparalleled success, and a company culture that’s steeped in continuous improvement. Due to our ambitious growth plans, we’re always on the lookout for dynamic professionals to join our team.  Do you have a passion for implementing cutting-edge technologies, or modernizing legacy services, making them more useful and accessible? We are looking for a Developer to join our growing eCommerce Enterprise Integrations team.  Our eCommerce Enterprise Integrations development team works in a state-of-the-art office facility located in the heart of the historic Ybor City surrounded by unique culture, architecture, and dining just minutes from the Crosstown, I4, and I275.  Our eCommerce Developers write new (and update existing) web services, to be used by thousands of vendors and partners. We’re in the process of moving our infrastructure from tightly-bound dependencies, to a more modern and extensible service-based architecture. Our current technology stack is predominantly based around .NET, so qualified candidates should align with that direction.  Relocation offered! Job RequirementsRequirements: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science (or related field); or equivalent combination of education and experience requiredExperience with build and release automation a plusObject-Oriented Development experience, with language emphasis in C#Experience developing solutions with ASP MVC or WebAPI 2.0 a plusProficiency with both writing and consuming web services, as well as knowledge of the underlying API related technologies (REST, JSON, XML, SOAP, WSDL)Strong written and verbal communication skillsPrevious experience working with offshore or remote resources is a plusQualified applicants are encouraged to apply directly by clicking HERE or by copying and pasting this URL into their browser:http://mbsrecruiting.avature.net/ashleyitcareers?jobId=8421&source=Ashley+Career+CenterAshley Furniture is an equal opportunity employer and drug-free working environment. While Ashley appreciates the interest of all candidates only those candidates meeting specific job requirements may be contacted. Principals Only. #LI-DP1​

ABOUT USWe are a group of over 500 dedicated employees, committed to our mission of providing accessible, quality health care that is guided by local innovation. We feel that our work is bigger than ourselves. We leave work each day knowing that we made a difference in the community around us.  Join us at Central California Alliance for Health (the Alliance), where you will be part of a culture that is respectful, diverse, professional and fun, and where you are empowered to do your best work. As a regional non-profit health plan, we serve over 350,000 members in Santa Cruz, Monterey and Merced counties. To learn more about us, click here or check out this video.WHAT YOU'LL BE RESPONSIBLE FORActing as the hands-on lead in architecture, design, development, documentation and testing of the enterprise data warehouse (EDW) system. You will oversee and ensure the overall system health for enterprise data applications and database systems and will collaborate with customers to identify and troubleshoot app and process issues. You will provide guidance related to the use of EDW development best practices and will analyze and develop robust technical solutions for production hardware and software issues. You will participate in sprint planning and estimation through collaboration with business systems analysts, product owners and other stakeholders. You will propose, design and develop solutions based on requested features and business requirements. WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFULKnowledge of:Structured Query Language (SQL)Dimensional Modeling, Data Warehouse Design, and Data ArchitectureOracle or Microsoft SQL Server DatabaseSSISAgile methodologiesPrinciples and practices of project management and coordinationAbility to:Develop, document, provide guidance on, and apply EDW development best practicesEvaluate business and system performance requirementsFacilitate meetings and lead discussionsGather and analyze complex data and information, troubleshoot issues, and develop practical and effective solutionsEffectively communicate with vendors and software support staff regarding systems specific issuesProvide technical guidance to other programming and systems staffEducation and Experience:Bachelor's degree in Management Information Systems or Computer ScienceSix years of enterprise data warehouse experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience which would provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities may be qualifyingTo read the full position description, and list of requirements click here.OUR BENEFITSMedical, Dental and Vision PlansAmple Paid Time Off11 Paid Holidays per year401(a) Retirement Plan457 Deferred Compensation PlanRobust Health and Wellness ProgramFresh Fruit DeliveryEV Charging StationsAnd many moreApplicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.
 USATestprep is seeking an inside sales professional to join our growing team as a Sales Development Representative in our Kennesaw, GA office. The Sales Development Representative is responsible for prospecting and initiating the sales cycle with potential clients. Successful Sales Development Representatives are competitive, motivated by results, and are passionate about sales and the solutions we provide our clients. This position offers a unique opportunity for those who seek opportunities for advancement in a team-based environment. This is a junior sales role with salary plus commission. Responsibilities Include:Prospect leads and trial users to secure appointmentsUse email to prospect decision makersConduct live web demos with leadsReach or exceed performance metrics on calls and appointmentsAchieve both individual and team goalsCollaborate with team members to maximize opportunities and drive salesWork with sales leadership to develop strategies and messaging to drive opportunities for new businessMiscellaneous tasks may include sales admin responsibilities and other duties as directedHandle incoming email and phone call requests from potential clientsRequired Skills:Experience working in a Mac environmentBasic knowledge of formulas and filters in Microsoft ExcelPhone-based sales experienceStrong follow up skillsBenefits:Flexible hoursEasy commute - North Cobb location4 weeks PTO10 holidaysDependent healthcare (Wow!)Monthly flex daysPaid parental leaveAbout You:Have at one-three years experience in a consultative B2B, B2G, or SaaS sales roleHave a desire to work with an awesome product that you can sell with convictionHave a proven track record of inside sales successPrior experience selling education or software solutions preferredAbility to quickly build relationships with customers over the phoneStrong organizational skills that result in completion of daily tasks and successfully meeting all goalsAbout Us: USATestprep is a leader in curriculum resources and test prep for k12 schools. We have been helping students with high-stakes tests since 1998, and we offer a multitude of test review products. Our digital platform helps engage students leading to better pass rates and graduation rates. Used by over 70,000 educators, our materials are tailored to both state and Common Core standards. USATestprep is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Job ID: 20180105-10630-TL  Company Name: Verisk AnalyticsDescription:Computer Vision/ Machine Learning Software Developer Geomni, Silicon Slopes tech-company located in Lehi, is currently seeking highly-skilled, passionate, creative developers to join our team. The Computer Vision Software Engineer is primarily responsible to design, build and maintain vision-based solutions to complex business requirements.  As a Computer Vision Engineer you will design potential computer vision approaches to solve complex automation problems. In addition, you will design and implement innovative geospatial, remote sensing applications, services and systems. Your ability to focus on details and passion for precision & accuracy will be instrumental to your success. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills will make you effective in your role as you will work with local and international teams.  A successful individual in this position will exemplify Geomni’s core values and will demonstrate professionalism at all times. Additional Essential Functions include:Ability to create simple and well-designed solutions to complex software problems.Collaborate with process teams to meet varying project goals and increase effectiveness of the software processes.Architect, implement and optimize production software with high reliability, up time and performance requirements.Interact with Project Managers and Customers to create accurate designs.Assist in development of customer guides, training materials and/or user manuals.Additional duties as assigned.Qualifications/Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Requirements:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field, with a minimum 3.0 GPA.Fluent in: computer vision, machine learning, neural networks, deep learning, Python, C++, Java, Open VC, geometry, linear algebra, digital image processing, and general software development. Geomni, a Verisk business, specialized in software and technologies related to aerial, drone and mobile app imagery - providing the world’s most comprehensive and cutting-edge imagery data acquisition, processing, analytics, and distribution. Using the latest remote sensing and machine learning technologies, Geomni gathers, stores, processes, and delivers geographic and spatially referenced information used by many markets, including insurance, commercial property, energy, banking, architecture, engineering, emergency response, urban planning, and much more. For more information, please visit Geomni.net.Requirements: Expertise --Software Education Bachelors (or equivalent work experience) Job Type Full Time Location UT-Lehi Years of Experience 1-3 Years
 As a Senior Software Engineer, you will own the development of tools and services for our hospitalityteam. This is a new team and you will have the opportunity to develop these systems from the ground up. What you’ll be doing:Responsible for the team’s Android and web-based toolsBuilding the first version our field operations tool using Android and web viewsIntegration of off-the-shelf and internal systems We’re looking for someone with:Android development and the related ecosystem Experience with modern web development Polyglot experience with languages such as Java, Node.js, Python, Ruby, etc. Your first 90 Days…Understand and contribute to our architectural direction You will actively deploy code to our production systemsLaunch v.1 of our field operations applicationYou will lead development of our hospitality organization’s technology platformPerks and Benefits:Competitive salary and equityFull medical, dental, and vision benefitsCommuter benefitsGuideline 401kEducation stipendUnlimited PTOPet Friendly OfficeAbout Us:We’re a real estate tech company reinventing accommodations the way ride-sharing reinvented personal transportation. We design and operate locally inspired short term rental properties that offer a professional, reliable and delightful experience, far above what travelers get when they rent from an individual homeowner. Our proprietary software and data platform sits at the core of our company. This technology drives our best-in-class margins through optimal site location and advanced revenue management. It also helps us deliver amazing guest experiences through thoughtful automation and personalization.Why is this interesting?The global accommodations industry is worth more than $1T/year, but it hasn’t kept up with the needs of today’s modern traveler. Hotels are great for small groups traveling for 1-2 nights at a time, but hotels don’t work as well for longer stays and larger groups. Our guests stay with us for 2 days, 2 weeks, 2 months, or longer, in versatile properties designed to accommodate many traveler types and groups sizes. We’re proud to earn review scores higher than nearly every luxury hotel from guests who seek our properties out in 8+ domestic markets. In 2018, we have the foundation to economically and efficiently grow 10x, both domestically and internationally.Our teamWe are a fast growing team founded by veteran entrepreneurs and backed by a number of the largest and most respected VC’s in the world. Headquartered in downtown San Francisco, we're hiring top talent across all business units!
 Leveraged by millions of users every day, EMS Software manages some of the highest profile spaces in the world (including the NASDAQ bell). We are consistently delivering new features to our suite of products. We want to tackle bigger challenges and accomplish some truly amazing things. Our team is always improving our codebase and operations footprint and we have amassed a sizeable backlog of interesting challenges and product initiatives. Our team needs to grow to enable even greater success in our industry, and that's where you come in. ResponsibilitiesAs our Middle Tier developer you will be part of a 4-5 person agile development teamYour team currently develops and maintains our newly introduced middle tier in our pursuit to transform our technology stack into a multi tenant PAAS solutionYou will embrace developing within our CI/CD pipeline and have the opportunity to improve itYour code will efficiently process millions of customers bookings both in our own cloud and on premise installationsYou will work with your development lead, the front end team and product management team during the identification, development and implementation of the work involvedYou will work with our Quality Engineering Architect to make sure changes made are safe and assertableRequired Experience1-3 years production Golang experience7+ years backend/middle tier development experience1+ years unit tests experience1+ years of SQL experienceExperience working within an Agile SDLC processStrong interpersonal, written, and oral communication skillsTechnical documentation skillsAbility to present ideas in user-friendly languageSelf-motivated and directed, with keen attention to detailAble to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environmentDevops mentality is a PLUSEMS Software is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants are considered for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, ancestry, marital or veteran status. We are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce, supporting integrity in the workplace and an entrepreneurial atmosphere.

Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply

 What you will do Bring a strong perspective that drives change and motivates engineers to develop simple solutions to complex problems.Build a Platform-as-a-Service infrastructure that scales to run big data analytics and orchestration software offering Who you will work with  At Cisco, we build products that enable enterprises react faster to the intelligence derived from data. To do that requires a data centric platform that can receive events from a variety of network appliances, and other event sources, process and provides insights. Cisco’s data platform operates at massive scale processing billions of network events across the enterprise and converting that into actionable insights in real time. Cisco’s data platform team consists of Data Scientists, Data Modelers/Analysts, and Platform engineers collaborating on building the next generation data platform that powers the enterprise. You’ll lead and collaborate as part of a disruptive software engineering team that is passionate about transforming the networking industry  Who you are Responsibilities:Own product areas and lead the test effort of one or more features.Work with the engineering team during the feature design and implementation phases to develop: o Test methodology (designing the test approach) to test the feature end-to-end.  o Test plans. Collaborate with other testing members, developers, technical writers, and customer solutions engineers to ensure the company delivers high quality products to our customers.Execute multiple iterations of the test plan by running manual and automated test cases.Analyze failures and root cause issues, file defects, follow up with developers, documentation and other teams on the resolution.Automate test cases.Monitor and manage continuous integration environment.Mentor team members.Desired skills: ¬ Have a high bar for quality of the product.  ¬ Expertise in testing high performance, highly scalable solutions deployed on the cloud (AWS or others)  ¬ Creative, independent, self-motivated and willing to learn new technology.  ¬ Possess good understanding of QA methodologies and processes.  ¬ Ability to take up variety of roles in a startup environment.  ¬ Excellent troubleshooting abilities spanning multiple software and hardware components (such as switches, storage systems, kernels and containers).  ¬ Good knowledge of Linux and should be comfortable with shell.  ¬ Prior experience of programming, preferably in Go or Python.  ¬ Knowledge of ESXi, HyperV, KVM is a plus.  ¬ Understanding of storage concepts is a plus.  ¬ Experience with distributed systems (databases, storage, map-reduce frameworks, etc.) is a plus.  ¬ Strong test planning ability is a big plus.  ¬ Expert in building complex automation frameworks using Python or Go programming skills  ¬ Experience in developing REST APIs, very good understanding of networking concepts, L2 - L7 protocols.  ¬ Expertise in testing container technologies and writing containerized software (using docker, lxc, kubernetes or mesos) Bonus: ¬ Develop, test and deploying applications to PaaS platfoms like Heroku, Cloud Foundry, OpenShift, Google App Engine etc. Minimum Qualifications ¬ 7 – 9 years of working experience in a high impact software development team  ¬ MSEE/CS combined with 5+ years of related experience, or BSEE/CS combined with 7+ yrs related experience.  ¬ 3+ years’ experience with testing “systems” products (network analytics, networking, virtualization, etc.)  ¬ Programming experience in Java/Python, GoLang is a big bonus  ¬ Linux systems engineering exposure, familiarity with Virtualization  ¬ Experience in all phases of SW development cycle with some exposure to agile development methodologies  ¬ Excellent problem solving skills.  Why Cisco  We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.  We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  We Are Cisco.
Job DescriptionMake a Difference Every Day with Team AppliedThe people of Applied are making a difference every day through innovation and a commitment to help safeguard and protect what matters most. With first-to-market software, mobile and data analytics solutions, Applied is revolutionizing companies to strengthen their position as trusted advisors to clients across the world. Our core values challenge employees to make a difference every day with excellence for customers and support for the communities around us. We believe that success comes from a dynamic working environment that offers professionals an opportunity to grow and succeed alongside extraordinary people.  Learn how you can make a difference on Team Applied. Job Summary Applied Systems, Inc., a worldwide leader in insurance technology, is currently searching for a Software Developer – Test Automation to join our Quality Assurance department in the pursuit of delivering defect-free applications. In this role, you will work with QA analysts and test automation developers to ensure achievement of strategic automation objectives for our suite of cutting-edge insurance automation software. This will include producing and executing automated test scripts, contributing to the analysis and design of test frameworks and harnesses, building and configuring test environments, and collecting and managing test data. This position can be located our of our Atlanta, GA or University Park, IL office. Additional responsibilities include: Review test execution log information and investigates the cause(s) of test case failuresThoroughly document any defects found in software under test and/or the test automation frameworkReviews automation scripts and processes produced by the automation team and proactively contributes to the improvement of test automation framework quality.Work on an Agile Scrum team that develops and supports .Net applicationsParticipating in Sprint Reviews of completed functionality at the end of each sprintParticipating in Sprint planning of future development tasksRequirements:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field; or equivalent work experienceAcademic or professional exposure to the following an asset:2+ years experience C# development with MS tools (Visual Studio, TFS, CodedUI, UIAutomation, Nunit, etc.)Selenium WebdriverSQL ServerDevelopment experience in an automated test environment coding test automation scripts, frameworks, and/or testing tools a plusAbility to work with others in a team-oriented environmentExperience or training with Agile Scrum methodology is a plusStrong communication skills, time management/planning skills, attention to detail/organization skillsCorporate Profile Applied Systems is a leading provider of software that powers the business of insurance. Recognized as a pioneer in agency management systems, insurance organizations rely on the company’s software to manage their clients and policies in a consistent manner to minimize risk, reduce operating expenses, and drive sustainable growth and profitability. Leading the industry in technology innovation, Applied Systems has been at the forefront of data exchange between agencies, brokers, carriers and their clients. Today, the company has more than 1,400 employees with customers throughout the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, and Northern Ireland. By automating the insurance lifecycle, Applied Systems remains committed to help safeguard what matters most to millions of people around the world. To learn more, please visit www.AppliedSystems.com.  Employees feel appreciated at Applied Systems. In addition to a competitive benefits package that starts on the first day of employment, we offer paid time off, a business casual dress code, and an open communication policy. The resulting atmosphere is professional and conducive to productivity, yet comfortable and fun.
 Purpose of JobUSAA IT College Hires solve tough problems in meaningful ways. You will create and support systems that our members rely on every day for their financial security. Done well, many may never realize or appreciate how critical these systems are or how we've made them simpler. Faster. Safer. Yet they help make our members' lives better. Its a big responsibility.  More importantly, its a great challenge. Here, you will invent. Youll design and test. Youll take risks. Youll create new technology but the impact youll make on our members will be far more significant.Job RequirementsABOUT USAA USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.  In each of the past five years, weve been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® and weve ranked among Victory Medias Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers for 13 consecutive years. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans to apply. ABOUT USAA IT Our most important qualification isnt technical: its human. Here, we dont just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 11 million members who rely on us every day.  We are over 3,300 employees stronga passionately supportive and collaborative team built on agile principles. Weve been a top-two Computerworld 100 Best Places to Work in IT five years in a row and were recently named a Top 50 Employer for Minority Engineers & IT by Workforce Diversity Magazine.  See what its like to work for a company where your passion meets our purpose: USAA Information Technology: A Realistic PreviewPRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Depending on your assignment, you will engage in software development or operational support, providing innovative solutions for both internal and member-facing projects. You will partner with experienced team members and work closely with business clients to analyze user requirements; design, code, and test applications; respond to outages; and customize commercial software packages.  When you start at USAA, you will learn together with fellow college hires how to be successful in your craft. You'll learn how to navigate USAA systems, utilizing agile software delivery methods and the seven engineering principles. And it won't be theory - you will be applying these as you deliver real solutions for internal customers and members to production. When you join your unit, you will be a confident and productive IT practitioner with a solid network already established. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS • Bachelors degree in Computer Science or STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) majors, or 4 + years of equivalent work experience in IT ADDITIONAL PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS • Up to 2 years of relevant IT support and/or general analysis experience. Masters degree in Computer Science or STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) majors.Previous internships at USAA. DESIRED CHARACTERISTICS USAA IT College hires create innovative solutions that impact our members. Collectively, we are:Curious and excited by new ideasEnergized by a fast-paced environmentAble to understand and translate business needs into leading-edge technologyComfortable working as part of a connected team, but self-motivatedCommunity-focused, dependable and committedExceptionally detail-oriented BENEFITS USAAs most valuable resource is our 30,000+ employees. We promote a culture of diversity and inclusion, encouraging varied perspectives and ideas. Our team enjoys world-class benefits, pay and highly competitive reward opportunities, including comprehensive healthcare, wellness and wealth building programs, employee resource groups, 401K matching dollar-for-dollar up to 8% of pay, career planning and continuing education.  We promote a strong work-life balance with a variety of on-site services and conveniences depending on location, including a daycare, health center and pharmacy, multiple dining options, company stores, covered parking and free fitness centers. USAA is a casual dress environment.

Why You'll Love Working Here: Working at TechSmith gives you a chance to hone your skills in an open, collaborative, and innovative environment where you can be excited to come into work every single day.  We are a technological melting pot comprised of nearly 250 uniquely skilled human beings that will continue to stretch your comfort zone—but in a good way. And speaking of comfort, who doesn’t love to show up to work in jeans, eat free snacks, and drink free pop?  With great products and great people behind them, we are always looking for passionate, fun, and hardworking individuals who truly enjoy coming to work and doing what they love. Sounds like you? We’d love to chat. Position Overview: As an Engineer at TechSmith, you'll be putting your problem solving skills and passion for developing great software to use every day. You’ll work within a team that builds world-class software products and applications in a fun, fast-paced environment. If you love technology, finding solutions, and making people happy—you’ll fit right in. Please note, there are also other duties as assigned. Required Skills and Background:Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or a closely related field (or equivalent work experience)Strong understanding of computer science fundamentals and software engineering principles and processesDemonstrable experience developing for Microsoft Windows/RT/Phone, Mac OS X/iOS, Android, ChromeOS, and/or web services and applicationsExperience developing shared services for cloud based platforms, ideally using Microsoft AzureSelf-motivated and able to collaborate with a diverse set of people from many disciplinesAbility to lead when appropriate and step back when necessary to help teams through triages, issues, and hard decisionsYou must be legally authorized to work in the United States without an employer-sponsored petition for a visa, such as an H-1B visa. TechSmith does not intend to file any visa applications in connection with this opening.Preferred Skills and Background:Commercial software development experience with multimedia programming or web servicesUser interface designDatabase design & administrationFluency in a foreign languageCompensation and Perks: At TechSmith, we love our employees and are always looking for ways to reward outstanding performance. Our compensation is competitive and based on skills and experience. As a full-time employee you will receive the standard TechSmith benefits package including health insurance, paid time off, 401(k) program, etc. We offer you a unique and growing company culture where you can enjoy your work and advance your career. We wear jeans, drink free pop, and enjoy company-sponsored events. If this sounds like a place you would like to work, please submit your resume and cover letter along with your salary requirements.
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
 The DigiTrust Group is revolutionizing cyber security and we're looking for a talented Software Developer to join our growing Dev team. Were hackers at heart and were on a mission to defend global organizations against information security threats.  As a member of our Dev team, youll leverage your advanced programming skills to design customized, highly sophisticated tools for our defensive and offensive cyber operations. Youll be at the nucleus of our high-energy and dynamic development team as you build cutting edge tools for our complex software and create a fully optimized user experience. What youll doCreate compelling, highly functional applications for internal and client-facing technologies using state-of-the art toolsCollaborate with our team of skilled software engineers to help define program architectures and build robust, scalable platformsLeverage your experience and creativity to drive new innovative software applications and componentsLead process analysis and provide feedback on deficient systemsCombine forces with our elite team of ethical hackers to create strategic offensive cyber security toolsEnhance our software design best-practices, including test-driven development and frequent end-to-end testingWhat were looking for3+ years of experience in back-end developmentExtensive knowledge of programming languages including Python, Django, and JavaUnderstanding of relational (MySQL, Postgres, etc.) or NoSQL databases (Mongo, Redis, etc.)Experience with front-end web technologiesStrong understanding of object-oriented programmingEligible to work in the US without sponsorshipYoull love this job ifYou're fired up about building systems and APIsYou're eager to cut through Information Security industry nonsense and experience the real thingYoure intellectually inspired, inventive and seeking to help build a great company that dominates its segmentYou enjoy a fast-paced, dynamic tech environmentBenefits and perksFriendly, fun and mission-driven environmentFully-stocked kitchen with endless snacks, beverages and coffeeCompetitive benefits, profit sharing and flexible time off policyCompany sponsored eventsCafé, coffee shop and game room on campusAll-inclusive gym membership The DigiTrust Group is a leading global provider of information security services headquartered in West LA. Our employees are empowered to learn and grow as we advance our mission of defending global organizations against information security threats. Join us today!
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
Power Quality C++/C# Software Engineer Electrotek Concepts has an immediate need for a software engineer for developing C++/C# power quality applications and back end systems. This position will be located in our Cummings Center office in Beverly, Massachusetts.  Electrotek is a leading power systems engineering consulting firm. We analyze, measure, simulate, and solve electric power systems problems and provide training on power quality and power system topics. Our customers include electric power utilities, commercial & industrial energy users, and research companies. We develop and maintain PQView®, the industry's leading enterprise software for power quality monitoring, analysis, reporting, and automatic fault location. We also commercialize a suite of power quality and energy efficiency analysis tools for electric power transmission and distribution systems. You will be developing software to:Communicate with power quality meters and monitoring systems.Download measurements into databases.Perform numerical algorithms including harmonic analysis, static analysis, and correlations on downloaded measurements.Import data from industry standard PQDIF and COMTRADE format as well as proprietary file and database formats.Export data to industry standard PQDIF and COMTRADE format. Required skills: C or C++ (CLR interop is a plus)C# and .NET FrameworkCOMExperience with SQL Server 2012-2016Visual Studio 2010-2015Experience with multi-threading environments.Knowledge of several of the following communication protocols: RS232RS485ModemModbusDNP3IEC 61850 Familiarity with source code control systems and issue tracking systems.  Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, electrical engineering, or comparable degree Ability to work both independently and in a team. Desired Skills Experience with electric power systems, power quality monitors, or energy meters considered a plusExperience in direct interaction with customers to help resolve technical issues is considered a plusOur Office Location18 miles North of Boston in the Cummings Center in Beverly, MassachusettsEasy Access to Routes US-1 and I-95One Mile from Route 128 at Routes 1A and 62On-Site MBTA/CATA Bus StopNearby Commuter Rail at Beverly Depot Cummings Center Amenities: Dedicated Bicycle Storage, Free Daytime Open and Covered Parking, Six Restaurants and Coffee Shops, Full-Service Fitness Facilities, On-Site Childcare Providers (Dog Day Care, too!), U.S. Post Office, Dry Cleaners, Hair Salons, Barbershops, Spas, Two Banks, Many Professional and Healthcare Providers, Waterfront Nature Trails, Picnic Areas, Parks and Two Scenic Ponds  Please submit your resume in confidence, as well as salary history, to employment@Electrotek.com. EOE M/F/D/V
Edelman Financial Services, one of the nation’s largest and most well-known financial planning firms, is seeking an experiencedManager of Software Development for our team in Fairfax, VA.  This role requires working closely with project management and marketing to define application development strategy and requirements, and leading development teams from concept through delivery and subsequent operation. This position involves regular communication with senior management on status, risks and product strategy. The Development Manager is also responsible for maintaining, supporting, and upgrading existing systems and applications. Proven communication skills and extensive knowledge of best practices to guide his/her development team on issues related to the design, development, and deployment of information and software system is essential.  The ideal candidate has experience leading medium sized development teams, defining projects and features, coordinating efforts to scope, schedule, and deploy new features sets; as well as analyzing cost/benefit of feature selection with a rigorous approach to gathering and evaluating data and communicating results throughout the organization. This opportunity requires excellent technical, problem-solving, and communication skills. Key to success in this position is an equal passion for delivering new features as well as operating the current applications at the highest level of quality. Responsibilities include:Review and analyze existing application effectiveness and efficiency, and then develop strategies for improving or leveraging these systems.Ensure that development projects meet business requirements and goals, fulfill end-user requirements, and identify and resolve systems issues.Manage the development and deployment of new applications, systems software, and/or enhancements to existing applications throughout the enterprise.Manage and provide direction for the application development team in support of business operations.Identify and resolve program errors.Provide technical leadership on projects and daily operations to programmers.Design, develop, and install enhancements and upgrades to systems and application software.Liaise with network administrators and software engineers to assist with quality assurance, program logic, and data processing.Cultivate, disseminate, and enforce functional policies, procedures, and quality assurance best practices.Requirements:Bachelor's degree in Business, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field is required7+ years direct experience in software development and/or programming design and systems management3+ years’ experience in management/leadership roleDirect, hands-on experience with OOD and object-oriented languages.Strong knowledge of system and software quality assurance best practices and methodologies.Extensive experience with core software applications, including […].Technically fluent in programming languages, including .NET, Java, […].Good project management skills and/or substantial exposure to project-based work structures, software development lifecycle models, etc.Knowledge of database design and file management techniquesStrong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skillsDeep hands-on technical expertiseStrong business and technical visionAbility to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environmentA deep understanding of software development in a team, and a track record of delivering software on timeExceptional customer relationship skills including the ability to discover the true requirements underlying feature requests and recommend alternative technical solutionsBusiness approaches, and lead engineering efforts to meet aggressive timelines with optimal solutionsPosition requires high level of responsibility regarding confidential information; must maintain confidentiality at all times For more information: www.edelmanfinancial.com EOE. A comprehensive background check may be conducted on applicants for this position. Edelman Financial Services has an employment at-will policy.
RoleThe Senior Web Developer position works on Hivelocity’s applications and offerings on bleeding edge infrastructure solutions and applications for thousands of businesses around the globe. This role is a member of the Development Team, which is responsible for implementing new features and systems to further our customers’, as well as our internal support staff’s, ability to manage dedicated servers and cloud environments.Key ResponsibilitiesMaintaining and upgrading existing software and creating new systems in a highly collaborative environment.Participate in product discussions, influence the roadmap, and take ownership and responsibility over new projects to make them happen, including selecting and implementing technical architecture.Performs or reviews systems analysis, design, programming, testing, debugging, and documentation for assigned projects.Works closely with other departments to provide support, documentation, and user training for new systems and major system enhancements.Requirements and QualificationsFluent in Python and JavascriptMinimum 5 years experience in a web development language (Python, Ruby, PHP)Experience in Flask, Django, and React highly preferred but not requiredDemonstrated experience with modern application design (MVC or equivalent) and version control software (Git, Mercurial)Pluses: Saltstack, Openstack, Systems Administration on Linux, Mysql, Redis, Redux, WebpackComputer Science degree preferredPerksFull benefits (Health, Dental, Vision, 401k)Tuition reimbursementBottomless coffee and free lunch on Fridays!Company outingsSoccer teamVoted one of the 2016 Best Places To Work by the Tampa Bay Business JournalFounded in 2002, Hivelocity owns and operates two world-class data centers in the Tampa area where it provides colocation, dedicated servers, and cloud hosting services to customers from over 130 countries. In addition, Hivelocity provides disaster recovery, cloud and network peering sites in Tampa, Miami, Los Angeles, and Atlanta. Today Hivelocity provides a wide range of bleeding edge infrastructure solutions and applications for thousands of businesses around the globe.
Software Developer/Engineer-15311Position DescriptionIntroduction: The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL), a national leader in scientific research and development, located midway between Baltimore and Washington, DC is seeking a Software Developer/Engineer for a modeling and simulation effort in the Radio Frequency domain. Job Summary: Apply software engineering skills and work as part of a team of software developers, systems engineers and analysts to help design and develop modeling and simulation (M&S) software applications, support analysis of radio frequency (RF) systems, and other electronic warfare M&S projects in Force Projection Sector.Duties: Participate in a team environment to design, develop, enhance, and execute M&S software tools for the RF and electronic warfare domain, including providing full life cycle support (requirements, design, implementation, testing, and debugging). (50%) Apply object-oriented design and development techniques primarily in the Java programming language. (20%) Analyze software complexity and select the best algorithms and tools to meet critical performance criteria. (10%) Produce documentation to capture requirements, technical concepts, software design, and user information for all deliverables and brief results to development and analysis teams. (10%) Analyze and support M&S results to support customer needs and objectives. (10%)Note: This job summary and listing of duties is for the purpose of describing the position and its essential functions at time of hire and may change over time.Qualifications: Required Qualifications:BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field. 1+ years of experience in programming with Java, with a focus on developing applications. Applicant should possess strong interpersonal skills and be able to work independently, as well as a member of a team. Must be able to clearly communicate technical information, written and orally, as well as possess good organizational and time management skills. Ability to obtain a Secret clearance.Desired Qualifications:MS and/or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field. Strong experience in Java and/or C/C++. Unit testing experience, and experience with documenting program flow (UML), GUI development, and Agile software development process, as well as experience optimizing code. A background with physics based M&S of analog and digital radio frequency systems. Proficient in the setup and use of software version control and issue tracking tools (SVN, GIT, YouTrack, JIRA, GForge, GitHub etc.) automated software build-test tools (TeamCity, Jenkins, etc.) and modern IDEs (Eclipse or Equivalent). Active Secret clearance. Special Working Conditions: Air and vehicle travel to U.S. Government and DOD contractor facilities. Security: Applicants selected will be subject to a Government security investigation and must meet the eligibility requirements for access to classified information up to the Secret level. Eligibility requirements include US citizenship. Benefits: APL offers a comprehensive benefits package including a liberal vacation plan, a matching retirement program, significant educational assistance, a scholarship tuition program for staff with dependents, and competitive salaries commensurate with skills and experience. For more information about our organization, please visit our web site at www.jhuapl.edu. Equal Employment Opportunity: Johns Hopkins University/Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that complies with Title IX of the Education Amendments Acts of 1972, as well as other applicable laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Primary Location *United States-*Maryland-*LaurelSchedule Full-time -
 Position Description Do you want to help develop new computational tools and technologies for transformative science? We are seeking outstanding people to join us in the Mathematics and Computer Science Division at Argonne National Laboratory in exploring innovative areas of math and computer science – including novel algorithms, analysis techniques embodied in open-source software, data-intensive science, and emerging hardware architectures. As a multidisciplinary national laboratory, Argonne offers an exciting campus atmosphere in which to collaborate on interdisciplinary projects developing solutions to complex scientific and engineering problems on the world’s largest parallel supercomputers.  Position Requirements We are especially interested in outstanding software development specialists to help our research teams develop systems software, mathematical libraries, software tools, and computational science applications for high-performance computing. To be qualified, you should have the following:Extensive programming experienceExcellent software engineering skillsA demonstrated ability to work as part of a teamExperience with high-performance computing and software maintenance is highly desirable. Other skills are highly desirable for certain research projects, including the following:Experience with machine learning algorithmsKnowledge of compiler design and implementationExperience in development of device drivers or other low-level systems softwareBasic understanding of numerical algorithmsExpertise in particular languages, such as C, python, and FortranKnowledge of performance measurement and evaluation methods and toolsExperience with cloud computingOpenings are available immediately, but there is flexibility in start dates for highly qualified candidates. You can find more information on focus areas at Argonne at http://www.mcs.anl.gov/group/applied-mathematics, http://www.mcs.anl.gov/group/extreme-computing, and http://www.mcs.anl.gov/group/data-intensive-science. Feel free to contact members of these groups directly by email with specific questions. As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.  Back to top 
Diversity Statement Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information  U.S. Citizenship Required. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in related discipline plus 5 to 7 years of directly related experience or a Master's degree and 3 years of experience. Professional certification(s) may be required.  In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for more than 10 years applicable work experience. Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience for positions involving new technology or labor market shortages as reflected by  market survey data.  Proficiency in writing and debugging software code for web applications in Java/J2EE/JSP/JSTL and PL/SQL queries in Oracle  Ability to quickly research and learn new technologies as needed  Ability to analyze functional requirements and attention to detail necessary to arrive at technically sound design decisions and source code  Ability to work in a collaborative environment with other engineers, testers and subject-matter experts  Ability to proficiently document work completed, issues or other items necessary for the teams awareness  US Citizenship  A DoD Secret Clearance or the ability to obtain one Desired Experience: Spring, Hibernate, Eclipse IDE, JoSQL, JavaScript, Query/jqGrid/dynaTree, HTML, CSS, Apache Tomcat, FusionCharts, Aspose Words, Trac, and /orMaven Responsibilities/Qualification Looking for a change? This position is full of variety, ranging debugging software codes for web applications, to development and testing environment support. Also provides an opportunity to work on extremely challenging projects, that could lead to future growth opportunities.  Participate in the software engineering life cycle development process  Develop and document requirements, use case specifications, design overviews, design details and coding approaches for new software features  Implement and debug functional enhancements and corrections to the CounterMeasures product  Write unit tests of completed source code  Apply performance and maintenance enhancements to completed source code  Work with testing staff to assure prepared test procedures are valid for software requirements and implementation.  Document work performed in our software change request tracking application  Support maintenance of development and testing environments and system hosting our production deployment of the software
 Tapjoy's Maximum Impact PlatformTM provides mobile engagement and monetization services for leading advertisers and app developers. Advertisers rely on Tapjoy's diverse suite of rewarded InterplayTM ads including video and rich media to impact performance. Developers utilize our technology and mobile expertise to acquire and monetize users. The Tapjoy SDK is currently embedded in over 15,000 mobile apps, reaching 520 million monthly active users. A 2016 comScoreTM study confirmed Tapjoy Interplay® ads deliver an unprecedented 3x lift across all brand metrics. The company works with Fortune 500 brands and the Top 200 grossing app developers. Founded in 2007, Tapjoy is a global organization with more than a dozen offices worldwide and is headquartered in San Francisco.  Tapjoy is backed by top-tier investors, including J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Rho Ventures, North Bridge Venture Partners, InterWest Partners and D.E. Shaw Ventures. Headquartered in San Francisco, the company also has offices in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Santa Barbara, Boston, London, Beijing, Shanghai, Seoul and Tokyo. Position Title - Staff Software Engineer, OperationsPosition Description/Responsibilities: Youll work with a team to design, build and maintain Tapjoys core infrastructure.Youll debug production issues at every tier of a massive distributed system, across dozens of services. Youll make performance improvements to software applications, improve cache and database performance, and work with product engineering groups to reduce cost and improve the user experience of our customers. While you may have an area of concentration, you understand technologies throughout the software stack. Core Responsibilities:Build and improve infrastructure management tools.Devise creative solutions to problems and either implement them yourself or work with other teams to do so.Work to improve our core platform architecture.Participate in an on-call rotation, roughly once every twelve weeks.Core Competencies:Container Systems - Kubernetes, DockerService Orchestration Tools - Envoy, IstioDistributed Systems EngineeringPerformance Monitoring & ProfilingCloud Service Engineering - Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud PlatformRequirements:You have a BS in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience)5-7 years of related professional work experience While were operating at tremendous scale, we still maintain a startup culture at Tapjoy with all of the casual, social, creative teammates you could desire, and encourage an entrepreneurial mindset where we drive innovation, continuous improvement and tremendous pride in our organization.  If you want to learn about building an amazing team with industry-leading technology, you want to surround yourself with brilliant, passionate entrepreneurial teammates at Tapjoy.  Tapjoy is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that diversity and inclusion lead to stronger, more innovative teams and better business results; we want to draw from the broadest talent pool possible and encourage qualified applicants. Tapjoy does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, ethnicity, color, age, sexual orientation, gender (including identity and expression), disability (mental or physical), religion, national origin, citizenship, marital status, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification protected by applicable law; we will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities, and pursuant to applicable fair chance ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  For more information, please visit www.tapjoy.com.
Position Overview As a member of our Inside Sale Team, you will be responsible for inbound qualification and outbound prospecting, developing, and driving sales within enterprise accounts. This customer-facing role partners closely with various members of the Sales and Marketing Teams including Sales Operations, Field Sales, and Demand Generation. Role and ResponsibilitiesDevelop a strategic plan to prospect, educate, and qualify accounts to create viable opportunities that lead to closed businessIdentify and understand key business stakeholders and end users to generate interest in MemSQL SolutionsBecome a trusted resource for the MemSQL Inside Sales Team for valuable input on potential outbound prospecting targetsMaintain open communication and alignment with your Field Account Executive to know how and where to focus your prospecting effortsQuickly gain a strong understanding of the MemSQL value proposition and the competitive industry landscapeConsistently achieve/exceed monthly quota of qualified opportunities and meaningful interactions with new prospectsAbility to partner with and support co-workers and customers on the East CoastRequired Skills and Experience1-2 years of software lead generation experienceStrong business acumen, with the ability to become an expert on database management systems (DBMS) within your first 90 daysProven track record of achieving measurable goalsExcellent communication skills, including positive and energetic phone skills, a mastery of email communication, strong listening skills, and strong writing skillsProficient with standard corporate productivity tools, including Google Mail, MS Office, and Salesforce.comB.A./B.S. Degree MemSQL envisions a world of adaptable databases and flexible data workloads - your data anywhere in real time. Today, global enterprises use MemSQL as a real-time data warehouse to cost-effectively ingest data and produce industry-leading time to insight. MemSQL works as a managed service, in any cloud, or on-premises environment.  Headquartered in San Francisco, CA with offices in Seattle, WA and Portland OR, MemSQL has raised nearly $100M from top investors including Accel Partners and Khosla Ventures, among others. MemSQL is trusted by customers including Uber, Akamai, Dell EMC, Samsung, Comcast, Kellogg, and more.  Consistent with our commitment to diversity & inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people. To all recruitment agencies: MemSQL does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to MemSQL employees. MemSQL is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
 We are now hiring a Senior System Software Engineer.  NVIDIA is looking for a world-class engineer to join its GPU Resource Manager team. In this position, you will be part of a dynamic crew that develops and maintains systems software for complex heterogeneous computing systems that power disruptive automotive products. Our offerings to the automotive industry begin with navigation and infotainment systems, back seat entertainment systems, instrument clusters and move into the exciting field of autonomous computing, deep neural networks and self-driving cars. Our team plays a vital role in realizing the vision behind these products by building core technologies and platform solutions that are not only competitive but industry-first. Whatyou’llbedoing:Focus on doing development work on our line of SOC hardware, with a strong emphasis on the automotive marketDesign, implement and optimize the driver stack that controls NVIDIA's GPU hardware, the heart of our discrete and SOC devicesWork on user space and kernel space software controlling complex and sophisticated hardware that does graphics rendering, multimedia encoding and decoding, parallel computation, bus control, and resource managementWrite code for high end ARM processors, running Linux, QNX, and other embedded OSesWhatweneedtosee:CS/EE/CE with at least 6 years of experienceExcellent C programming skillsDeep understanding with embedded systems architecture, operating system fundamentals, and bus protocols (PCI-E)Experience with memory management, cache operations and optimizationsLow level programming such as HW abstraction layersExperience with reading and interpreting hardware specsExperience with programming complex, high performance hardwareWaystostandoutfromthecrowd:Understanding of GPU architectures, and associated programming techniques.Experience with assembly language Academic and commercial groups around the world are powering a revolution in artificial intelligence using deep learning techniques running on NVIDIA GPUs, enabling breakthroughs in problems from image classification to speech recognition to natural language processing.  Intelligent machines powered by AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car empowered by AI can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an extraordinary time. The era of AI has begun.  NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. Do you have real passion for technology? Are you creative, autonomous and seeking a challenge in the autonomous auto / self-driving car space? If so, we want to hear from you.NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
Company Overview Rightpoint and Raizlabs have joined forces! Raizlabs, a leading mobile innovation and emerging technologies firm is now a part of Rightpoint, an independent customer experience agency. With Raizlabs, Rightpoint brings together the best customer experience talent to create seamless digital experiences driven by insight, design, technology, and expanded mobile innovation and emerging technologies, to evolve the way clients do business.  Rightpoint will enhance its innovative customer experience solutions by leveraging Raizlabs’ capabilities in mobile technology – specifically its recent work in medical and ecommerce mobile – as well as voice, IoT, wearables, artificial intelligence, and virtual and augmented reality offerings. Raizlabs further strengthens Rightpoint’s technology ecosystem with the addition of partners Google, Apple and Amazon. In addition, Rightpoint will grow its portfolio of marquee brands with Raizlabs’ clients, including Six Flags, AAA, Perkins School for the Blind, L.L. Bean, and Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority.  Rightpoint is the largest independent customer experience agency with technology at our core, and 400 employees across 9 U.S. offices. We create seamless digital experiences driven by insight, strategy, technology and design. Rightpoint serves more than 250 Fortune 1,000 companies with strategy, site design and development, content, CRM, commerce, BI, mobile, IoT, Artificial Intelligence, augmented reality, and cloud infrastructure.  Raizlabs is seeking mobile developers to engineer beautiful iOS apps for startups and big brands like Six Flags, B&H Photo, Perkins School for the Blind, RunKeeper, Rue La La, and Care.com. Do more than code– influence development practices and product direction! You’ll be working with enthusiastic and supportive peers in a trust-based work environment.  Join us and contribute to the "next big thing" for years to come.  Skills & Requirements We’re looking for seasoned, mid to senior level, native iOS mobile developers who have shipped apps. You should understand iOS inside and out and take pride in your craft. Exceptional candidates will have experience architecting applications from scratch and a passion for implementing sophisticated user interfaces. Be prepared to choose the right tool for the job, whether it’s Swift or C, CoreData or Realm– we use the latest and greatest where appropriate.Benefits and Perks at Rightpoint/RaizlabsFrequent tech talks, hack days for open exploration, and our regular technology meet-up, “Drinks on TapPTO + Paid HolidaysCasual Dress (when in the office; when at a client site, we mirror their dress code)Flexible Work ScheduleGreat Health CoverageMedical – 3 plans to choose from!DentalVisionLife/AD&D/Short-Term & Long-Term DisabilityFlexible Spending (Dependent & Healthcare)Transportation/Parking Pre-Tax Benefits401k with Company MatchingTeam/Office LunchesOpen Office EnvironmentContinuous Training, Certifications, and Learning Opportunities (because we’re always hungry for more) This is a full time, salaried position. For more information, visit www.rightpoint.com. Rightpoint is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, or national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law.  Rightpoint is an E-Verify employer. E-Verify is an Internet-based system operated by the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services that allows Rightpoint to verify the employment eligibility of our employees. Based on the information provided by you on your Form I-9, Rightpoint will input that information into E-Verify which will confirm your information in DHS and Social Security Administration (SSA) databases. Your continued employment with Rightpoint is contingent upon an “Employment Authorized” result for you from the E-Verify system  APPLICANTS MUST BE PERMANENTLY AUTHORIZED TO WORK IN THE U.S.. WE ARE UNABLE TO OFFER SPONSORSHIP AT THIS TIME About Raizlabs: Raizlabs is a tightly knit team of mobile experts dedicated to building great software. Companies request our expertise and talent to conceive, design, and engineer their mobile strategies. We’ve worked in a diverse array of industries and technologies ranging from education to medical wearables, and are always playing with novel technologies.  Our user experience designers, product managers, and engineers often riff on new ideas and encourage each other, whether to experiment with new interactions or optimize an animation to run “like butter.” We work hard to be a collaborative and community-minded workplace. Raizlabs values team communication and a readiness to give and accept kind, actionable, and constructive feedback.  We have the freedom as a company to choose or pursue our projects and clients. Our business team responds to every lead in order to find the most exciting and difficult projects, and works with the team to ensure it’s a fit. As a result, we deliver high quality apps that we would enjoy to use ourselves.  Curious about some of our code? Check out some of our work on GitHub (https://github.com/Raizlabs) and let us know what you think!  Recruiters, we appreciate your services however we will reach out to you if we need help with our search.
Job Description  You will manage a team of experienced Software Engineers and will help to deliver on Cisco’s roadmap for a unified feature rich OS to power Enterprise Networking and IoT. You will recruit, train, mentor and develop a team capable of delivering a cutting edge, powerful and flexible Operating System.   Role and Responsibilities:  • Lead talented group of engineers to deliver exceptional results by focusing efforts and enabling the team to succeed  • Manage employee career development and employee performance  • Promote and nurture team spirit and culture across the global team built on open communication, collaboration, teamwork, trust and integrity.  • Collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams and product management to develop product roadmap  • Manage project from conception to integration to delivery  • Develop training materials, tools, contingency plans and whatever else is required to make product successful  • Innovate every single day.   Who You'll Work With: • Other OS Infrastructure managers both locally and remote to deliver on the roadmap.  • HW platform teams looking to ship new products and support existing products  • Application teams with unique requirements  • Product Management teams to refine the roadmap  • Project Management teams to coordinate schedules    Who You Are  Minimum qualification: • Bachelors or higher degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering  • Minimum 10 years of hands-on developer experience  • 3 years of people management Desired Skills: • Strong verbal and written communication skills  • Thorough Knowledge of Linux at a System Level  • 10+ years experience in C/C++, Python, Make, Bash or similar languages  • Strong understanding of computing concepts such as Memory Management, Filesystems, SMP, ARM, MIPS, x86, bootloaders  • Tools and Compilers: gcc and/or clang, linkers, loaders, gdb, git, Jenkins  • Intermediate Networking Knowledge  • Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, good teammate  • Strong team building skills.   Why Cisco   We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with rare personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.   We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.   We Are Cisco.  Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.    *LI-CB1

 USATestprep is seeking an inside sales professional to join our growing team as a Sales Development Representative in our Kennesaw, GA office. The Sales Development Representative is responsible for prospecting and initiating the sales cycle with potential clients. Successful Sales Development Representatives are competitive, motivated by results, and are passionate about sales and the solutions we provide our clients. This position offers a unique opportunity for those who seek opportunities for advancement in a team-based environment. This is a junior sales role with salary plus commission. Responsibilities Include:Prospect leads and trial users to secure appointmentsUse email to prospect decision makersConduct live web demos with leadsReach or exceed performance metrics on calls and appointmentsAchieve both individual and team goalsCollaborate with team members to maximize opportunities and drive salesWork with sales leadership to develop strategies and messaging to drive opportunities for new businessMiscellaneous tasks may include sales admin responsibilities and other duties as directedHandle incoming email and phone call requests from potential clientsRequired Skills:Experience working in a Mac environmentBasic knowledge of formulas and filters in Microsoft ExcelPhone-based sales experienceStrong follow up skillsBenefits:Flexible hoursEasy commute - North Cobb location4 weeks PTO10 holidaysDependent healthcare (Wow!)Monthly flex daysPaid parental leaveAbout You:Have at one-three years experience in a consultative B2B, B2G, or SaaS sales roleHave a desire to work with an awesome product that you can sell with convictionHave a proven track record of inside sales successPrior experience selling education or software solutions preferredAbility to quickly build relationships with customers over the phoneStrong organizational skills that result in completion of daily tasks and successfully meeting all goalsAbout Us: USATestprep is a leader in curriculum resources and test prep for k12 schools. We have been helping students with high-stakes tests since 1998, and we offer a multitude of test review products. Our digital platform helps engage students leading to better pass rates and graduation rates. Used by over 70,000 educators, our materials are tailored to both state and Common Core standards. USATestprep is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 As a Senior Software Engineer, you will own the development of tools and services for our hospitalityteam. This is a new team and you will have the opportunity to develop these systems from the ground up. What you’ll be doing:Responsible for the team’s Android and web-based toolsBuilding the first version our field operations tool using Android and web viewsIntegration of off-the-shelf and internal systems We’re looking for someone with:Android development and the related ecosystem Experience with modern web development Polyglot experience with languages such as Java, Node.js, Python, Ruby, etc. Your first 90 Days…Understand and contribute to our architectural direction You will actively deploy code to our production systemsLaunch v.1 of our field operations applicationYou will lead development of our hospitality organization’s technology platformPerks and Benefits:Competitive salary and equityFull medical, dental, and vision benefitsCommuter benefitsGuideline 401kEducation stipendUnlimited PTOPet Friendly OfficeAbout Us:We’re a real estate tech company reinventing accommodations the way ride-sharing reinvented personal transportation. We design and operate locally inspired short term rental properties that offer a professional, reliable and delightful experience, far above what travelers get when they rent from an individual homeowner. Our proprietary software and data platform sits at the core of our company. This technology drives our best-in-class margins through optimal site location and advanced revenue management. It also helps us deliver amazing guest experiences through thoughtful automation and personalization.Why is this interesting?The global accommodations industry is worth more than $1T/year, but it hasn’t kept up with the needs of today’s modern traveler. Hotels are great for small groups traveling for 1-2 nights at a time, but hotels don’t work as well for longer stays and larger groups. Our guests stay with us for 2 days, 2 weeks, 2 months, or longer, in versatile properties designed to accommodate many traveler types and groups sizes. We’re proud to earn review scores higher than nearly every luxury hotel from guests who seek our properties out in 8+ domestic markets. In 2018, we have the foundation to economically and efficiently grow 10x, both domestically and internationally.Our teamWe are a fast growing team founded by veteran entrepreneurs and backed by a number of the largest and most respected VC’s in the world. Headquartered in downtown San Francisco, we're hiring top talent across all business units!


Job DescriptionMake a Difference Every Day with Team AppliedThe people of Applied are making a difference every day through innovation and a commitment to help safeguard and protect what matters most. With first-to-market software, mobile and data analytics solutions, Applied is revolutionizing companies to strengthen their position as trusted advisors to clients across the world. Our core values challenge employees to make a difference every day with excellence for customers and support for the communities around us. We believe that success comes from a dynamic working environment that offers professionals an opportunity to grow and succeed alongside extraordinary people.  Learn how you can make a difference on Team Applied. Job Summary Applied Systems, Inc., a worldwide leader in insurance technology, is currently searching for a Software Developer – Test Automation to join our Quality Assurance department in the pursuit of delivering defect-free applications. In this role, you will work with QA analysts and test automation developers to ensure achievement of strategic automation objectives for our suite of cutting-edge insurance automation software. This will include producing and executing automated test scripts, contributing to the analysis and design of test frameworks and harnesses, building and configuring test environments, and collecting and managing test data. This position can be located our of our Atlanta, GA or University Park, IL office. Additional responsibilities include: Review test execution log information and investigates the cause(s) of test case failuresThoroughly document any defects found in software under test and/or the test automation frameworkReviews automation scripts and processes produced by the automation team and proactively contributes to the improvement of test automation framework quality.Work on an Agile Scrum team that develops and supports .Net applicationsParticipating in Sprint Reviews of completed functionality at the end of each sprintParticipating in Sprint planning of future development tasksRequirements:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field; or equivalent work experienceAcademic or professional exposure to the following an asset:2+ years experience C# development with MS tools (Visual Studio, TFS, CodedUI, UIAutomation, Nunit, etc.)Selenium WebdriverSQL ServerDevelopment experience in an automated test environment coding test automation scripts, frameworks, and/or testing tools a plusAbility to work with others in a team-oriented environmentExperience or training with Agile Scrum methodology is a plusStrong communication skills, time management/planning skills, attention to detail/organization skillsCorporate Profile Applied Systems is a leading provider of software that powers the business of insurance. Recognized as a pioneer in agency management systems, insurance organizations rely on the company’s software to manage their clients and policies in a consistent manner to minimize risk, reduce operating expenses, and drive sustainable growth and profitability. Leading the industry in technology innovation, Applied Systems has been at the forefront of data exchange between agencies, brokers, carriers and their clients. Today, the company has more than 1,400 employees with customers throughout the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, and Northern Ireland. By automating the insurance lifecycle, Applied Systems remains committed to help safeguard what matters most to millions of people around the world. To learn more, please visit www.AppliedSystems.com.  Employees feel appreciated at Applied Systems. In addition to a competitive benefits package that starts on the first day of employment, we offer paid time off, a business casual dress code, and an open communication policy. The resulting atmosphere is professional and conducive to productivity, yet comfortable and fun.

We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
Edelman Financial Services, one of the nation’s largest and most well-known financial planning firms, is seeking an experiencedManager of Software Development for our team in Fairfax, VA.  This role requires working closely with project management and marketing to define application development strategy and requirements, and leading development teams from concept through delivery and subsequent operation. This position involves regular communication with senior management on status, risks and product strategy. The Development Manager is also responsible for maintaining, supporting, and upgrading existing systems and applications. Proven communication skills and extensive knowledge of best practices to guide his/her development team on issues related to the design, development, and deployment of information and software system is essential.  The ideal candidate has experience leading medium sized development teams, defining projects and features, coordinating efforts to scope, schedule, and deploy new features sets; as well as analyzing cost/benefit of feature selection with a rigorous approach to gathering and evaluating data and communicating results throughout the organization. This opportunity requires excellent technical, problem-solving, and communication skills. Key to success in this position is an equal passion for delivering new features as well as operating the current applications at the highest level of quality. Responsibilities include:Review and analyze existing application effectiveness and efficiency, and then develop strategies for improving or leveraging these systems.Ensure that development projects meet business requirements and goals, fulfill end-user requirements, and identify and resolve systems issues.Manage the development and deployment of new applications, systems software, and/or enhancements to existing applications throughout the enterprise.Manage and provide direction for the application development team in support of business operations.Identify and resolve program errors.Provide technical leadership on projects and daily operations to programmers.Design, develop, and install enhancements and upgrades to systems and application software.Liaise with network administrators and software engineers to assist with quality assurance, program logic, and data processing.Cultivate, disseminate, and enforce functional policies, procedures, and quality assurance best practices.Requirements:Bachelor's degree in Business, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field is required7+ years direct experience in software development and/or programming design and systems management3+ years’ experience in management/leadership roleDirect, hands-on experience with OOD and object-oriented languages.Strong knowledge of system and software quality assurance best practices and methodologies.Extensive experience with core software applications, including […].Technically fluent in programming languages, including .NET, Java, […].Good project management skills and/or substantial exposure to project-based work structures, software development lifecycle models, etc.Knowledge of database design and file management techniquesStrong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skillsDeep hands-on technical expertiseStrong business and technical visionAbility to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environmentA deep understanding of software development in a team, and a track record of delivering software on timeExceptional customer relationship skills including the ability to discover the true requirements underlying feature requests and recommend alternative technical solutionsBusiness approaches, and lead engineering efforts to meet aggressive timelines with optimal solutionsPosition requires high level of responsibility regarding confidential information; must maintain confidentiality at all times For more information: www.edelmanfinancial.com EOE. A comprehensive background check may be conducted on applicants for this position. Edelman Financial Services has an employment at-will policy.
Software Developer/Engineer-15311Position DescriptionIntroduction: The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL), a national leader in scientific research and development, located midway between Baltimore and Washington, DC is seeking a Software Developer/Engineer for a modeling and simulation effort in the Radio Frequency domain. Job Summary: Apply software engineering skills and work as part of a team of software developers, systems engineers and analysts to help design and develop modeling and simulation (M&S) software applications, support analysis of radio frequency (RF) systems, and other electronic warfare M&S projects in Force Projection Sector.Duties: Participate in a team environment to design, develop, enhance, and execute M&S software tools for the RF and electronic warfare domain, including providing full life cycle support (requirements, design, implementation, testing, and debugging). (50%) Apply object-oriented design and development techniques primarily in the Java programming language. (20%) Analyze software complexity and select the best algorithms and tools to meet critical performance criteria. (10%) Produce documentation to capture requirements, technical concepts, software design, and user information for all deliverables and brief results to development and analysis teams. (10%) Analyze and support M&S results to support customer needs and objectives. (10%)Note: This job summary and listing of duties is for the purpose of describing the position and its essential functions at time of hire and may change over time.Qualifications: Required Qualifications:BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field. 1+ years of experience in programming with Java, with a focus on developing applications. Applicant should possess strong interpersonal skills and be able to work independently, as well as a member of a team. Must be able to clearly communicate technical information, written and orally, as well as possess good organizational and time management skills. Ability to obtain a Secret clearance.Desired Qualifications:MS and/or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field. Strong experience in Java and/or C/C++. Unit testing experience, and experience with documenting program flow (UML), GUI development, and Agile software development process, as well as experience optimizing code. A background with physics based M&S of analog and digital radio frequency systems. Proficient in the setup and use of software version control and issue tracking tools (SVN, GIT, YouTrack, JIRA, GForge, GitHub etc.) automated software build-test tools (TeamCity, Jenkins, etc.) and modern IDEs (Eclipse or Equivalent). Active Secret clearance. Special Working Conditions: Air and vehicle travel to U.S. Government and DOD contractor facilities. Security: Applicants selected will be subject to a Government security investigation and must meet the eligibility requirements for access to classified information up to the Secret level. Eligibility requirements include US citizenship. Benefits: APL offers a comprehensive benefits package including a liberal vacation plan, a matching retirement program, significant educational assistance, a scholarship tuition program for staff with dependents, and competitive salaries commensurate with skills and experience. For more information about our organization, please visit our web site at www.jhuapl.edu. Equal Employment Opportunity: Johns Hopkins University/Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that complies with Title IX of the Education Amendments Acts of 1972, as well as other applicable laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Primary Location *United States-*Maryland-*LaurelSchedule Full-time -
Diversity Statement Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information  U.S. Citizenship Required. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in related discipline plus 5 to 7 years of directly related experience or a Master's degree and 3 years of experience. Professional certification(s) may be required.  In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for more than 10 years applicable work experience. Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience for positions involving new technology or labor market shortages as reflected by  market survey data.  Proficiency in writing and debugging software code for web applications in Java/J2EE/JSP/JSTL and PL/SQL queries in Oracle  Ability to quickly research and learn new technologies as needed  Ability to analyze functional requirements and attention to detail necessary to arrive at technically sound design decisions and source code  Ability to work in a collaborative environment with other engineers, testers and subject-matter experts  Ability to proficiently document work completed, issues or other items necessary for the teams awareness  US Citizenship  A DoD Secret Clearance or the ability to obtain one Desired Experience: Spring, Hibernate, Eclipse IDE, JoSQL, JavaScript, Query/jqGrid/dynaTree, HTML, CSS, Apache Tomcat, FusionCharts, Aspose Words, Trac, and /orMaven Responsibilities/Qualification Looking for a change? This position is full of variety, ranging debugging software codes for web applications, to development and testing environment support. Also provides an opportunity to work on extremely challenging projects, that could lead to future growth opportunities.  Participate in the software engineering life cycle development process  Develop and document requirements, use case specifications, design overviews, design details and coding approaches for new software features  Implement and debug functional enhancements and corrections to the CounterMeasures product  Write unit tests of completed source code  Apply performance and maintenance enhancements to completed source code  Work with testing staff to assure prepared test procedures are valid for software requirements and implementation.  Document work performed in our software change request tracking application  Support maintenance of development and testing environments and system hosting our production deployment of the software
Position Overview As a member of our Inside Sale Team, you will be responsible for inbound qualification and outbound prospecting, developing, and driving sales within enterprise accounts. This customer-facing role partners closely with various members of the Sales and Marketing Teams including Sales Operations, Field Sales, and Demand Generation. Role and ResponsibilitiesDevelop a strategic plan to prospect, educate, and qualify accounts to create viable opportunities that lead to closed businessIdentify and understand key business stakeholders and end users to generate interest in MemSQL SolutionsBecome a trusted resource for the MemSQL Inside Sales Team for valuable input on potential outbound prospecting targetsMaintain open communication and alignment with your Field Account Executive to know how and where to focus your prospecting effortsQuickly gain a strong understanding of the MemSQL value proposition and the competitive industry landscapeConsistently achieve/exceed monthly quota of qualified opportunities and meaningful interactions with new prospectsAbility to partner with and support co-workers and customers on the East CoastRequired Skills and Experience1-2 years of software lead generation experienceStrong business acumen, with the ability to become an expert on database management systems (DBMS) within your first 90 daysProven track record of achieving measurable goalsExcellent communication skills, including positive and energetic phone skills, a mastery of email communication, strong listening skills, and strong writing skillsProficient with standard corporate productivity tools, including Google Mail, MS Office, and Salesforce.comB.A./B.S. Degree MemSQL envisions a world of adaptable databases and flexible data workloads - your data anywhere in real time. Today, global enterprises use MemSQL as a real-time data warehouse to cost-effectively ingest data and produce industry-leading time to insight. MemSQL works as a managed service, in any cloud, or on-premises environment.  Headquartered in San Francisco, CA with offices in Seattle, WA and Portland OR, MemSQL has raised nearly $100M from top investors including Accel Partners and Khosla Ventures, among others. MemSQL is trusted by customers including Uber, Akamai, Dell EMC, Samsung, Comcast, Kellogg, and more.  Consistent with our commitment to diversity & inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people. To all recruitment agencies: MemSQL does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to MemSQL employees. MemSQL is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
Company Overview Rightpoint and Raizlabs have joined forces! Raizlabs, a leading mobile innovation and emerging technologies firm is now a part of Rightpoint, an independent customer experience agency. With Raizlabs, Rightpoint brings together the best customer experience talent to create seamless digital experiences driven by insight, design, technology, and expanded mobile innovation and emerging technologies, to evolve the way clients do business.  Rightpoint will enhance its innovative customer experience solutions by leveraging Raizlabs’ capabilities in mobile technology – specifically its recent work in medical and ecommerce mobile – as well as voice, IoT, wearables, artificial intelligence, and virtual and augmented reality offerings. Raizlabs further strengthens Rightpoint’s technology ecosystem with the addition of partners Google, Apple and Amazon. In addition, Rightpoint will grow its portfolio of marquee brands with Raizlabs’ clients, including Six Flags, AAA, Perkins School for the Blind, L.L. Bean, and Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority.  Rightpoint is the largest independent customer experience agency with technology at our core, and 400 employees across 9 U.S. offices. We create seamless digital experiences driven by insight, strategy, technology and design. Rightpoint serves more than 250 Fortune 1,000 companies with strategy, site design and development, content, CRM, commerce, BI, mobile, IoT, Artificial Intelligence, augmented reality, and cloud infrastructure.  Raizlabs is seeking mobile developers to engineer beautiful iOS apps for startups and big brands like Six Flags, B&H Photo, Perkins School for the Blind, RunKeeper, Rue La La, and Care.com. Do more than code– influence development practices and product direction! You’ll be working with enthusiastic and supportive peers in a trust-based work environment.  Join us and contribute to the "next big thing" for years to come.  Skills & Requirements We’re looking for seasoned, mid to senior level, native iOS mobile developers who have shipped apps. You should understand iOS inside and out and take pride in your craft. Exceptional candidates will have experience architecting applications from scratch and a passion for implementing sophisticated user interfaces. Be prepared to choose the right tool for the job, whether it’s Swift or C, CoreData or Realm– we use the latest and greatest where appropriate.Benefits and Perks at Rightpoint/RaizlabsFrequent tech talks, hack days for open exploration, and our regular technology meet-up, “Drinks on TapPTO + Paid HolidaysCasual Dress (when in the office; when at a client site, we mirror their dress code)Flexible Work ScheduleGreat Health CoverageMedical – 3 plans to choose from!DentalVisionLife/AD&D/Short-Term & Long-Term DisabilityFlexible Spending (Dependent & Healthcare)Transportation/Parking Pre-Tax Benefits401k with Company MatchingTeam/Office LunchesOpen Office EnvironmentContinuous Training, Certifications, and Learning Opportunities (because we’re always hungry for more) This is a full time, salaried position. For more information, visit www.rightpoint.com. Rightpoint is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, or national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law.  Rightpoint is an E-Verify employer. E-Verify is an Internet-based system operated by the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services that allows Rightpoint to verify the employment eligibility of our employees. Based on the information provided by you on your Form I-9, Rightpoint will input that information into E-Verify which will confirm your information in DHS and Social Security Administration (SSA) databases. Your continued employment with Rightpoint is contingent upon an “Employment Authorized” result for you from the E-Verify system  APPLICANTS MUST BE PERMANENTLY AUTHORIZED TO WORK IN THE U.S.. WE ARE UNABLE TO OFFER SPONSORSHIP AT THIS TIME About Raizlabs: Raizlabs is a tightly knit team of mobile experts dedicated to building great software. Companies request our expertise and talent to conceive, design, and engineer their mobile strategies. We’ve worked in a diverse array of industries and technologies ranging from education to medical wearables, and are always playing with novel technologies.  Our user experience designers, product managers, and engineers often riff on new ideas and encourage each other, whether to experiment with new interactions or optimize an animation to run “like butter.” We work hard to be a collaborative and community-minded workplace. Raizlabs values team communication and a readiness to give and accept kind, actionable, and constructive feedback.  We have the freedom as a company to choose or pursue our projects and clients. Our business team responds to every lead in order to find the most exciting and difficult projects, and works with the team to ensure it’s a fit. As a result, we deliver high quality apps that we would enjoy to use ourselves.  Curious about some of our code? Check out some of our work on GitHub (https://github.com/Raizlabs) and let us know what you think!  Recruiters, we appreciate your services however we will reach out to you if we need help with our search.
Req Id: 101605  Micron Technology is a world leader in memory and semiconductor technology. We offer the industry’s broadest portfolio of Silicon-to-Systems solutions—starting with foundational DRAM, NAND, and NOR Flash memory, and extending to SSDs, modules, MCPs, ASICs, and other memory and storage systems solutions. We’re 37 years, 20 countries, 26,000 lifetime patents, and 30,000 people strong. Our team is transforming some of the hottest technology segments, including cloud, enterprise storage and mobile. Whether you are a SATA superstar, a PCIe pro, or a NVMe ninja, consider a career with Micron and join us at the forefront of technology’s next evolution  The Micron engineering team has begun to expand our product portfolio with solid-state storage products. As a Software Developer at Micron, you will be a talented hands-on engineer in our Graphical User Interface and User Experience team. Your role will be highly visible in the organization, and requires not only deep technical experience, but also an ability to work with designers and end users to express complex ideas in an intuitive and appealing way  Your responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, the following: Design and development of our User Interface (UI) framework that enables the management of our storage products.Using the API libraries used by the management software and data center applications to monitor and manage our products.Contributing to the framework and implementation of an architecture that supports rapid development of high-quality interfaces.Iterating and prototyping and revising often, working with product managers, end users, other team members, and visionary stakeholders.Contributing to the development of UI framework and infrastructure, and leading by example in creating robust, well-tested code. Successful candidates for this position will have: An understanding of the tradeoffs of various cross-platform options such as Java, Qt, etc.Five or more years in a professional software development role, on at least two successful products.UI experience, including knowledge of standard technologies.Solid knowledge of Java.Experience with Agile/Scrum style projects.We recruit, hire, train, promote, discipline and provide other conditions of employment without regard to a person's race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, pregnancy, veteran’s status, or other classifications protected under law. This includes providing reasonable accommodation for team members' disabilities or religious beliefs and practices.Each manager, supervisor and team member is responsible for carrying out this policy. The EEO Administrator in Human Resources is responsible for administration of this policy. The administrator will monitor compliance and is available to answer any questions on EEO matters.To request assistance with the application process, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at 1-800-336-8918 (or 208-368-4748).Keywords: Folsom || California (US-CA) || United States (US) || SSD Engineering || Experienced || Regular || Engineering || *LI-RS1 ||
 What you will do Bring a strong perspective that drives change and motivates engineers to develop simple solutions to complex problems.Build a Platform-as-a-Service infrastructure that scales to run big data analytics and orchestration software offering Who you will work with  At Cisco, we build products that enable enterprises react faster to the intelligence derived from data. To do that requires a data centric platform that can receive events from a variety of network appliances, and other event sources, process and provides insights. Cisco’s data platform operates at massive scale processing billions of network events across the enterprise and converting that into actionable insights in real time. Cisco’s data platform team consists of Data Scientists, Data Modelers/Analysts, and Platform engineers collaborating on building the next generation data platform that powers the enterprise. You’ll lead and collaborate as part of a disruptive software engineering team that is passionate about transforming the networking industry  Who you are Responsibilities:Own product areas and lead the test effort of one or more features.Work with the engineering team during the feature design and implementation phases to develop: o Test methodology (designing the test approach) to test the feature end-to-end.  o Test plans. Collaborate with other testing members, developers, technical writers, and customer solutions engineers to ensure the company delivers high quality products to our customers.Execute multiple iterations of the test plan by running manual and automated test cases.Analyze failures and root cause issues, file defects, follow up with developers, documentation and other teams on the resolution.Automate test cases.Monitor and manage continuous integration environment.Mentor team members.Desired skills: ¬ Have a high bar for quality of the product.  ¬ Expertise in testing high performance, highly scalable solutions deployed on the cloud (AWS or others)  ¬ Creative, independent, self-motivated and willing to learn new technology.  ¬ Possess good understanding of QA methodologies and processes.  ¬ Ability to take up variety of roles in a startup environment.  ¬ Excellent troubleshooting abilities spanning multiple software and hardware components (such as switches, storage systems, kernels and containers).  ¬ Good knowledge of Linux and should be comfortable with shell.  ¬ Prior experience of programming, preferably in Go or Python.  ¬ Knowledge of ESXi, HyperV, KVM is a plus.  ¬ Understanding of storage concepts is a plus.  ¬ Experience with distributed systems (databases, storage, map-reduce frameworks, etc.) is a plus.  ¬ Strong test planning ability is a big plus.  ¬ Expert in building complex automation frameworks using Python or Go programming skills  ¬ Experience in developing REST APIs, very good understanding of networking concepts, L2 - L7 protocols.  ¬ Expertise in testing container technologies and writing containerized software (using docker, lxc, kubernetes or mesos) Bonus: ¬ Develop, test and deploying applications to PaaS platfoms like Heroku, Cloud Foundry, OpenShift, Google App Engine etc. Minimum Qualifications ¬ 7 – 9 years of working experience in a high impact software development team  ¬ MSEE/CS combined with 5+ years of related experience, or BSEE/CS combined with 7+ yrs related experience.  ¬ 3+ years’ experience with testing “systems” products (network analytics, networking, virtualization, etc.)  ¬ Programming experience in Java/Python, GoLang is a big bonus  ¬ Linux systems engineering exposure, familiarity with Virtualization  ¬ Experience in all phases of SW development cycle with some exposure to agile development methodologies  ¬ Excellent problem solving skills.  Why Cisco  We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.  We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  We Are Cisco.
 Job Title: Software Developer – Multiple Openings (Job ID: E20173) Job Description Are you passionate about helping to architect, design, implement, build, and deploy code in an environment that challenges preconceived ideas? Does solving complex business problems and real world challenges interest you? Do you thrive in a dynamic start-up work environment that constantly pushes you to be the best you can be and more? Are you ready to work with motivated colleagues and veteran entrepreneurs who strive for excellence in everything they do?  If you want to be part of a supportive and innovative environment, come join our growing team. See what PeerNova can do for your career and your journey. Our product uses components built in Java, C++, Node.JS, and Python but we are constantly evolving. Responsibilities:Design & implement scalable software architecture, including core enhancements and API integrationsParticipate and lead discussions as a proactive contributorDrive timely delivery of implemented functionalityWork in a highly interactive, team-oriented environmentEnsure successful completion of projects by identifying, resolving blockers & other issues as they ariseDesired Experience5+ years of experience as a Software Engineer with a deep knowledge of software design principlesWorking experience in designing, building, & maintaining micro-services in a production environmentStrong systems engineering backgroundDistributed systemsConcurrent programmingKnowledge of Java and C/C++Fluency in Google’s™ Go language (Golang)Understanding of Linux environmentBachelors/Masters in Computer Science or equivalent experienceDesired SkillsInterested in blockchain technologiesSecurity KnowledgeExperience with:Big Data drilling tools (ie Hadoop, Spark, etc.)NoSQL systems (Cassandra, HBase, etc.)NewSQL systems (CockroachDB, Crate.io, etc.)1+ years of experience using Google’s™ Go language systems production (desirable)Knowledge of Python, Bash, & JavascriptYour Values:INTEGRITY: do the ‘right’ thing.INNOVATION: think outside the box.DRIVE: exceed expectations.TRANSPARENCY: communicate openly.COLLABORATION: work as one team.PROBLEM-SOLVING: solve core, complex business challenges.POSITIVITY: enjoy your experience and exhibit a positive attitude.BenefitsCompetitive salaryStock OptionsHealth, dental, and vision insurance401k benefitsDiverse, passionate, and skilled co-workersCasual working environmentWeekly company lunchesQuarterly company outingsFlexible PTODiscounted Pet InsuranceDisability and Life InsuranceCommuter Benefits, Retirement Plans, and Shopping discounts
Power Quality C++/C# Software Engineer Electrotek Concepts has an immediate need for a software engineer for developing C++/C# power quality applications and back end systems. This position will be located in our Cummings Center office in Beverly, Massachusetts.  Electrotek is a leading power systems engineering consulting firm. We analyze, measure, simulate, and solve electric power systems problems and provide training on power quality and power system topics. Our customers include electric power utilities, commercial & industrial energy users, and research companies. We develop and maintain PQView®, the industry's leading enterprise software for power quality monitoring, analysis, reporting, and automatic fault location. We also commercialize a suite of power quality and energy efficiency analysis tools for electric power transmission and distribution systems. You will be developing software to:Communicate with power quality meters and monitoring systems.Download measurements into databases.Perform numerical algorithms including harmonic analysis, static analysis, and correlations on downloaded measurements.Import data from industry standard PQDIF and COMTRADE format as well as proprietary file and database formats.Export data to industry standard PQDIF and COMTRADE format. Required skills: C or C++ (CLR interop is a plus)C# and .NET FrameworkCOMExperience with SQL Server 2012-2016Visual Studio 2010-2015Experience with multi-threading environments.Knowledge of several of the following communication protocols: RS232RS485ModemModbusDNP3IEC 61850 Familiarity with source code control systems and issue tracking systems.  Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, electrical engineering, or comparable degree Ability to work both independently and in a team. Desired Skills Experience with electric power systems, power quality monitors, or energy meters considered a plusExperience in direct interaction with customers to help resolve technical issues is considered a plusOur Office Location18 miles North of Boston in the Cummings Center in Beverly, MassachusettsEasy Access to Routes US-1 and I-95One Mile from Route 128 at Routes 1A and 62On-Site MBTA/CATA Bus StopNearby Commuter Rail at Beverly Depot Cummings Center Amenities: Dedicated Bicycle Storage, Free Daytime Open and Covered Parking, Six Restaurants and Coffee Shops, Full-Service Fitness Facilities, On-Site Childcare Providers (Dog Day Care, too!), U.S. Post Office, Dry Cleaners, Hair Salons, Barbershops, Spas, Two Banks, Many Professional and Healthcare Providers, Waterfront Nature Trails, Picnic Areas, Parks and Two Scenic Ponds  Please submit your resume in confidence, as well as salary history, to employment@Electrotek.com. EOE M/F/D/V
Territory Development Representative*  UK - London • Job ID 2296Job Summary We are continuing to expand our team and are looking for a Territory Development Representative to join some of the industry’s brightest minds that are dedicated to providing our customers and partners with security value and outcomes. The TDR will be primarily responsible for outbound prospecting, scheduling initial meetings, and securing technical demonstrations for qualified target accounts. Primary ResponsibilitiesWork with the Territory Managers and Account Executives to target key accounts within the assigned territory.Utilize all possible means to prospect into new accounts, including heavy call volume, e-mail campaigns, Linkedin et al.Generate leads and schedule meetings between potential clients and Account Executives and Territory Managers.Sell technical solutions based on customer needs.Performs other duties as assigned ​ Required Skills and ExperienceExperience in selling and positioning security solutions to business consumers2+ years in similar prospecting role or direct inside sales roleExceptional verbal and written communication skills ​ Desired Skills and ExperienceExperience utilizing salesforce or other sales softwareExperience selling technical solutions in the security space ​ EducationBachelors’ degree or equivalent work experienceAbout Alert LogicAlert Logic® the leading provider of Security-­as-­a-­Service solutions for cloud, hybrid and on-­ premises data center infrastructure. Fully managed by a team of experts, the Alert Logic Cloud Defender suite delivers the deep security insight and continuous protection needed to protect a company’s most sensitive data. Alert Logic provides 24x7 network, system and application protection for over 3,800 organizations worldwide.Our People & CultureWe work in an exciting space, and we create technology solutions like nothing else out there. We are passionate about our work, and share our skills in a team environment. As a managed security provider, we are always looking forward, running to opportunities, and solving needs with solutions that work. We strive to meet customer needs with teams that exceed expectation. And we work hard, because we know everyone around us is working hard, too.Alert Logic is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.Notice to recruitment agencies: Alert Logic does not accept unsolicited candidate resumes from recruiting agencies. We will not be liable for and will not pay placement fees for unsolicited resumes submitted to our jobs postings, employees or company locations.Alert Logic, founded in 2002, is headquartered in Houston, Texas, with offices in Seattle, Dallas, Austin, Cardiff, Belfast, London and Cali.Previous Applicants:Email:Password: If you do not remember your password click here. Back to Search Results New Search
Senior Software Development EngineerAbout Us For more than a decade weve been adapting, innovating and collaborating to shape new learning possibilities for over 2 million kids and 75,000 teachers. Our mission is to inspire all students to think differently about math and love it. We have a creative and fun office environment (foosball table, awesome coffee, dog and kid-friendly) and a work-life-balanced company culture that acknowledges hard work while encouraging innovation and professional growth.  Our award-winning online math software is a pioneer in the EdTech space, and we continue to be at the forefront of the industry. Our adaptive technology, rigorous curriculum, and game-like environment work together to provide a unique learning experience thats like no other. About the Role We are an Agile shop, and our team is made up of a diverse group of self-motivated, passionate, and adaptive software engineers. Our Interactive Software Development Engineers create and implement interactive designs for students to experience on desktops and tablets. We are seeking to add a new senior member to the teamsomeone with technical and people leadership skills, and strong desire to grow with the company and improve the lives of children and learning guardians.  A typical day in this position involves working with engineers, artists, UI/UX designers, and teachers, to create, deliver and support high-quality software. You will be designing and building interactive components to provide a rich and engaging experience for students to explore and master mathematical concepts.  We are seeking someone with a passion for learning, not afraid of challenges, and a knack for solving hard problems. We are changing the lives of students, teachers, and families with our software, and you will play a critical role in expanding and supporting the content and platform that are at the heart of our product offering. About You We work on the cutting edge of a lot of technologies. We need someone who is a creative problem solver, resourceful in getting things done, and productive working independently and collaboratively. Successful interactive software development engineers at DreamBox are highly-motivated and productive coders with a strong background in Object Oriented Programming and an appreciation for smooth animations, elegant UI, tasteful transitions, game mechanics, and steady frame rates. They also have experience with a variety of client-side platforms and technologies and have collaborated to ship software successfully. This person will take on the following responsibilities:Create content for our DreamBox Learning experience.Help us improve our software platform.Operate in a collaborative development environment.Help us refine development processes and strategies.Deliver quality work to meet our deadlines.Support and maintain released software.Grow into a technical and people leader. Requirements:5+ years of professional programming experience.Recent and extensive working knowledge in designing and implementing interactive software.Expertise in writing and cross-browser web applications.Extensive working knowledge of JavaScript.Experience with client-server technologies, like REST, HTTP, JSON.Experience implementing designs for a user experience across desktop and tablet devices.Solid understanding of the DOM and Canvas.Front-end debugging experience using tools such as Charles Web Proxy, Firebug and Chrome developer tools.Self-motivated and passionate about software engineering and technology.
Position Overview As a member of our Inside Sale Team, you will be responsible for inbound qualification and outbound prospecting, developing, and driving sales within enterprise accounts. This customer-facing role partners closely with various members of the Sales and Marketing Teams including Sales Operations, Field Sales, and Demand Generation. Role and ResponsibilitiesDevelop a strategic plan to prospect, educate, and qualify accounts to create viable opportunities that lead to closed businessIdentify and understand key business stakeholders and end users to generate interest in MemSQL SolutionsBecome a trusted resource for the MemSQL Inside Sales Team for valuable input on potential outbound prospecting targetsMaintain open communication and alignment with your Field Account Executive to know how and where to focus your prospecting effortsQuickly gain a strong understanding of the MemSQL value proposition and the competitive industry landscapeConsistently achieve/exceed monthly quota of qualified opportunities and meaningful interactions with new prospectsAbility to partner with and support co-workers and customers on the East CoastRequired Skills and Experience1-2 years of software lead generation experienceStrong business acumen, with the ability to become an expert on database management systems (DBMS) within your first 90 daysProven track record of achieving measurable goalsExcellent communication skills, including positive and energetic phone skills, a mastery of email communication, strong listening skills, and strong writing skillsProficient with standard corporate productivity tools, including Google Mail, MS Office, and Salesforce.comB.A./B.S. Degree MemSQL envisions a world of adaptable databases and flexible data workloads - your data anywhere in real time. Today, global enterprises use MemSQL as a real-time data warehouse to cost-effectively ingest data and produce industry-leading time to insight. MemSQL works as a managed service, in any cloud, or on-premises environment.  Headquartered in San Francisco, CA with offices in Seattle, WA and Portland OR, MemSQL has raised nearly $100M from top investors including Accel Partners and Khosla Ventures, among others. MemSQL is trusted by customers including Uber, Akamai, Dell EMC, Samsung, Comcast, Kellogg, and more.  Consistent with our commitment to diversity & inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people. To all recruitment agencies: MemSQL does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to MemSQL employees. MemSQL is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
Edelman Financial Services, one of the nation’s largest and most well-known financial planning firms, is seeking an experiencedManager of Software Development for our team in Fairfax, VA.  This role requires working closely with project management and marketing to define application development strategy and requirements, and leading development teams from concept through delivery and subsequent operation. This position involves regular communication with senior management on status, risks and product strategy. The Development Manager is also responsible for maintaining, supporting, and upgrading existing systems and applications. Proven communication skills and extensive knowledge of best practices to guide his/her development team on issues related to the design, development, and deployment of information and software system is essential.  The ideal candidate has experience leading medium sized development teams, defining projects and features, coordinating efforts to scope, schedule, and deploy new features sets; as well as analyzing cost/benefit of feature selection with a rigorous approach to gathering and evaluating data and communicating results throughout the organization. This opportunity requires excellent technical, problem-solving, and communication skills. Key to success in this position is an equal passion for delivering new features as well as operating the current applications at the highest level of quality. Responsibilities include:Review and analyze existing application effectiveness and efficiency, and then develop strategies for improving or leveraging these systems.Ensure that development projects meet business requirements and goals, fulfill end-user requirements, and identify and resolve systems issues.Manage the development and deployment of new applications, systems software, and/or enhancements to existing applications throughout the enterprise.Manage and provide direction for the application development team in support of business operations.Identify and resolve program errors.Provide technical leadership on projects and daily operations to programmers.Design, develop, and install enhancements and upgrades to systems and application software.Liaise with network administrators and software engineers to assist with quality assurance, program logic, and data processing.Cultivate, disseminate, and enforce functional policies, procedures, and quality assurance best practices.Requirements:Bachelor's degree in Business, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field is required7+ years direct experience in software development and/or programming design and systems management3+ years’ experience in management/leadership roleDirect, hands-on experience with OOD and object-oriented languages.Strong knowledge of system and software quality assurance best practices and methodologies.Extensive experience with core software applications, including […].Technically fluent in programming languages, including .NET, Java, […].Good project management skills and/or substantial exposure to project-based work structures, software development lifecycle models, etc.Knowledge of database design and file management techniquesStrong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skillsDeep hands-on technical expertiseStrong business and technical visionAbility to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environmentA deep understanding of software development in a team, and a track record of delivering software on timeExceptional customer relationship skills including the ability to discover the true requirements underlying feature requests and recommend alternative technical solutionsBusiness approaches, and lead engineering efforts to meet aggressive timelines with optimal solutionsPosition requires high level of responsibility regarding confidential information; must maintain confidentiality at all times For more information: www.edelmanfinancial.com EOE. A comprehensive background check may be conducted on applicants for this position. Edelman Financial Services has an employment at-will policy.
Diversity Statement Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information  U.S. Citizenship Required. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in related discipline plus 5 to 7 years of directly related experience or a Master's degree and 3 years of experience. Professional certification(s) may be required.  In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for more than 10 years applicable work experience. Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience for positions involving new technology or labor market shortages as reflected by  market survey data.  Proficiency in writing and debugging software code for web applications in Java/J2EE/JSP/JSTL and PL/SQL queries in Oracle  Ability to quickly research and learn new technologies as needed  Ability to analyze functional requirements and attention to detail necessary to arrive at technically sound design decisions and source code  Ability to work in a collaborative environment with other engineers, testers and subject-matter experts  Ability to proficiently document work completed, issues or other items necessary for the teams awareness  US Citizenship  A DoD Secret Clearance or the ability to obtain one Desired Experience: Spring, Hibernate, Eclipse IDE, JoSQL, JavaScript, Query/jqGrid/dynaTree, HTML, CSS, Apache Tomcat, FusionCharts, Aspose Words, Trac, and /orMaven Responsibilities/Qualification Looking for a change? This position is full of variety, ranging debugging software codes for web applications, to development and testing environment support. Also provides an opportunity to work on extremely challenging projects, that could lead to future growth opportunities.  Participate in the software engineering life cycle development process  Develop and document requirements, use case specifications, design overviews, design details and coding approaches for new software features  Implement and debug functional enhancements and corrections to the CounterMeasures product  Write unit tests of completed source code  Apply performance and maintenance enhancements to completed source code  Work with testing staff to assure prepared test procedures are valid for software requirements and implementation.  Document work performed in our software change request tracking application  Support maintenance of development and testing environments and system hosting our production deployment of the software
 Overview  Peregrine is Elbit Systems of America’s (ESA) Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Integrated Fixed Tower (IFT) solution. It delivers a full solution including Fixed Surveillance Tower Units (FSTUs) and Operator Work Stations for the Tucson, Arizona sector. Technologies included in this software development program include: Real-Time Video: Working with video compression techniques and automatic video object detectionsObject identification and tracking across multiple sensorsReal-Time Database Control and RefreshWorking with .NET C# in a software suite that is over 4 million lines of code We are seeking Software Engineers who want to be a part of this project in protecting our US borders. Responsibilities Design, implement and test software modules as assigned by team leadersBasic integration of software to software and software to hardwareTake over complete responsibility for a major portion of the software applicationAdhere to defined implementation processesOther related duties as assigned by supervisorQualificationsMandatory Job Qualifications: Applicants must have all of the following to be considered for this position: BS in SW Engineering, Computer Science or relatedApplication .Net Programming: minimum of 3 years since 2014Comprehensive understanding of C#Must be able to obtain USA clearances for DHS.This position requires 50% USA domestic travel after 6 months. Must be able to travel.Highly Desired Job Qualifications:Active Secret or DHS/BI Clearance ( must be able to be cleard by DHS)Application .Net Programming: minimum of 5 years since 2010Windows OS Debugger: 3 years.
 Tapjoy's Maximum Impact PlatformTM provides mobile engagement and monetization services for leading advertisers and app developers. Advertisers rely on Tapjoy's diverse suite of rewarded InterplayTM ads including video and rich media to impact performance. Developers utilize our technology and mobile expertise to acquire and monetize users. The Tapjoy SDK is currently embedded in over 15,000 mobile apps, reaching 520 million monthly active users. A 2016 comScoreTM study confirmed Tapjoy Interplay® ads deliver an unprecedented 3x lift across all brand metrics. The company works with Fortune 500 brands and the Top 200 grossing app developers. Founded in 2007, Tapjoy is a global organization with more than a dozen offices worldwide and is headquartered in San Francisco.  Tapjoy is backed by top-tier investors, including J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Rho Ventures, North Bridge Venture Partners, InterWest Partners and D.E. Shaw Ventures. Headquartered in San Francisco, the company also has offices in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Santa Barbara, Boston, London, Beijing, Shanghai, Seoul and Tokyo. Position Title - Staff Software Engineer, OperationsPosition Description/Responsibilities: Youll work with a team to design, build and maintain Tapjoys core infrastructure.Youll debug production issues at every tier of a massive distributed system, across dozens of services. Youll make performance improvements to software applications, improve cache and database performance, and work with product engineering groups to reduce cost and improve the user experience of our customers. While you may have an area of concentration, you understand technologies throughout the software stack. Core Responsibilities:Build and improve infrastructure management tools.Devise creative solutions to problems and either implement them yourself or work with other teams to do so.Work to improve our core platform architecture.Participate in an on-call rotation, roughly once every twelve weeks.Core Competencies:Container Systems - Kubernetes, DockerService Orchestration Tools - Envoy, IstioDistributed Systems EngineeringPerformance Monitoring & ProfilingCloud Service Engineering - Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud PlatformRequirements:You have a BS in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience)5-7 years of related professional work experience While were operating at tremendous scale, we still maintain a startup culture at Tapjoy with all of the casual, social, creative teammates you could desire, and encourage an entrepreneurial mindset where we drive innovation, continuous improvement and tremendous pride in our organization.  If you want to learn about building an amazing team with industry-leading technology, you want to surround yourself with brilliant, passionate entrepreneurial teammates at Tapjoy.  Tapjoy is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that diversity and inclusion lead to stronger, more innovative teams and better business results; we want to draw from the broadest talent pool possible and encourage qualified applicants. Tapjoy does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, ethnicity, color, age, sexual orientation, gender (including identity and expression), disability (mental or physical), religion, national origin, citizenship, marital status, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification protected by applicable law; we will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities, and pursuant to applicable fair chance ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  For more information, please visit www.tapjoy.com.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
Responsibilities/Duties Required Skills Preferred Skills Required Experience Required Education Required QualificationsA Baltimore Sun top workplace, Berkshire Associates is looking for an energetic, driven individual to join our sales team in Columbia, MD. The HR Software Sales Executive actively sells and develops new business opportunities for Berkshire’s proprietary Applicant Tracking System, BALANCEtrak, in all markets within assigned territories, executes sales campaigns, and responds primarily to incoming leads and occasionally RFPs to increase Berkshire’s sales revenue. In addition, at the discretion of management, the HR Software Sales Executive occasionally may manage a portfolio of existing client accounts. Saas software sales experience with an ATS or HR System preferred.Actively identifies and pursues new business development opportunities and leads within assigned territory through e-mail or phone communication and occasional in-person presentations.Meets or exceeds revenue and non-revenue related goals as agreed upon at the beginning of the evaluation period.Works closely with the Marketing department and utilizing other internal resources to develop and execute sales campaigns and cold calls as appropriate or as suggested by the manager.Manages and responds to assigned RFPs from SMBs, utilizing appropriate resources to craft a complete and accurate RFP responses in a timely manner.Develops and delivers sales proposals and presentations to clients and prospects, via the web or in-person sales meetings.Independently and proficiently demonstrates Berkshire’s software products to clients and prospects.Communicates with clients and prospective clients regularly to develop a quality business relationship, assess their current business condition, uncover needs, and sell products and services using a consultative selling approach.Transitions client accounts to Account Executives/Account Managers, managing existing accounts, once products and services have been purchased from Berkshire within an agreed-upon time frame.Maintains detailed records of prospect & client contact, correspondence, opportunities, and proposals within our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software using the company’s guidelines.Represents Berkshire at tradeshows, conferences and other public/industry events to network with prospective clients to generate new opportunities, as approved by the manager.Working knowledge of Microsoft Office software applications, Microsoft Outlook, and Microsoft Internet Explorer required.Working knowledge of general computer and office equipment operation required.Working knowledge of a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software required; experience with SalesForce preferred.Excellent written and verbal communication skills as well as excellent phone etiquette required.Demonstrated time management and organization skills required.Demonstrated commitment to excellent customer service required.Demonstrated ability to perform in a consultative selling environment required.Ability to communicate with tact and discretion required.Ability to work under limited supervision required.Ability to negotiate on the company’s behalf required.Cloud based (SaaS) software sales experience, preferably with an ATS or HR SystemCasual knowledge of basic human resources principles and regulations preferred.Experience with "SalesForce" software preferred.3 to 5 years business to business sales including 1 to 2 years of new business sales or related experience required, sales experience within the professional services industry preferred.Experience in a consultative selling environment required.Bachelor's degree in Business, Human Resources or closely related field, or equivalent experience, required.The position requires the ability to work in a fast-paced environment while prioritizing multiple competing tasks and demands.Up to 10% travel required.
 Position Description & Responsibilities  Dynatrace is actively growing our digital business team to drive modern cloud services forward. Our drive for innovation in product and services is unparalleled, and that’s why customers like Apple, Delta, SAP and others succeed with our products. In this high growth environment, you will have plenty of opportunity to grow and succeed.  As a Software Engineer, you will work with a team of like-minded people as you actively shape our Digital Business initiative. This focus area will allow you to innovate very rapidly and be able to apply microservices, architecture and big data analytics to create successful digital services. We use state-of-the-art technologies and place great emphasis on software architecture & quality. QualificationsExperience with full stack enterprise applications including microservices developmentKnowledge in one or more of these areas: complex data structures, distributed systems, server-side processing, databases, JunitUnderstanding of software architecturePassionate for innovation and a desire to develop new bold ideasYou areSelf-motivated with a strong work ethicTeam-orientedInnovative and creativeEnjoy learning new technologies Company Message  Dynatrace has redefined how you monitor today’s digital ecosystems. AI-powered, full stack and completely automated, it’s the only solution that provides answers, not just data, based on deep insight into every user, every transaction, across every application. The world’s leading brands, including, 72 of the Fortune 100, trust Dynatrace to optimize customer experiences, innovate faster and modernize IT operations with absolute confidence.  We offer competitive compensation, company-sponsored premium benefits, medical, dental, vacation/holidays, company matching 401(k) Plan, etc. Dynatrace is an equal opportunity employer and VEVRAA Federal Contractor. We consider all qualified applicants of diverse background and hire without regard to race, color, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical abilities, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If your disability makes it difficult for you to use this site, please contact recruiting@dynatrace.com. Dynatrace participates in E-Verify, participant information in English and Spanish. Right to work information in English and Spanish. EEO is the Law/EEO is the Law Supplement.
 000000004418
 We are now hiring a Senior System Software Engineer.  NVIDIA is looking for a world-class engineer to join its GPU Resource Manager team. In this position, you will be part of a dynamic crew that develops and maintains systems software for complex heterogeneous computing systems that power disruptive automotive products. Our offerings to the automotive industry begin with navigation and infotainment systems, back seat entertainment systems, instrument clusters and move into the exciting field of autonomous computing, deep neural networks and self-driving cars. Our team plays a vital role in realizing the vision behind these products by building core technologies and platform solutions that are not only competitive but industry-first. Whatyou’llbedoing:Focus on doing development work on our line of SOC hardware, with a strong emphasis on the automotive marketDesign, implement and optimize the driver stack that controls NVIDIA's GPU hardware, the heart of our discrete and SOC devicesWork on user space and kernel space software controlling complex and sophisticated hardware that does graphics rendering, multimedia encoding and decoding, parallel computation, bus control, and resource managementWrite code for high end ARM processors, running Linux, QNX, and other embedded OSesWhatweneedtosee:CS/EE/CE with at least 6 years of experienceExcellent C programming skillsDeep understanding with embedded systems architecture, operating system fundamentals, and bus protocols (PCI-E)Experience with memory management, cache operations and optimizationsLow level programming such as HW abstraction layersExperience with reading and interpreting hardware specsExperience with programming complex, high performance hardwareWaystostandoutfromthecrowd:Understanding of GPU architectures, and associated programming techniques.Experience with assembly language Academic and commercial groups around the world are powering a revolution in artificial intelligence using deep learning techniques running on NVIDIA GPUs, enabling breakthroughs in problems from image classification to speech recognition to natural language processing.  Intelligent machines powered by AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car empowered by AI can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an extraordinary time. The era of AI has begun.  NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. Do you have real passion for technology? Are you creative, autonomous and seeking a challenge in the autonomous auto / self-driving car space? If so, we want to hear from you.NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs, and modifies workflow/mobile solutions. Using current programming language and technologies, writes code, completes programming, and performs testing and debugging of services. Completes documentation and sequence diagrams of solution and service interactions. Working in an Agile based team deploying code daily to customers.ResponsibilitiesDesigns enhancements, updates, and programming changes across multiple services and their components in a cloud deployed environmentAnalyzes design and determines coding, programming, and integration activities required based on general objectives and knowledge of overall architecture of product or solutionWrites and executes complete testing plans, protocols, and documentation for assigned portion of application; identifies and debugs, and creates solutions for issues with code and integration into application architectureCollaborates and communicates with management, internal, and development partners regarding software applications design status, project progress, and issue resolutionRepresents the software applications engineering team for all phases of larger and more-complex development projectsProvides guidance and mentoring to less-experienced staff membersEducation and ExperienceBachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalentMinimum 0-5 years experienceKnowledge and SkillsStrong analytical and problem solving skillsSoftware applications testing methodology, including writing and execution of test plans, debugging, and testing scripts and toolsExcellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Ability to effectively communicate product architectures, design proposals and negotiate options at management levelsAbility to contribute in a small team environment Experience with modern programming languages and methodologies Experience in Java, Spring framework is a plus Experience in JavaScript, AngularJS is a plus Knowledge in various cloud and virtualization technologies Experience in cloud deployment automation techniques and technologies is a plus
ABOUT USWe are a group of over 500 dedicated employees, committed to our mission of providing accessible, quality health care that is guided by local innovation. We feel that our work is bigger than ourselves. We leave work each day knowing that we made a difference in the community around us.  Join us at Central California Alliance for Health (the Alliance), where you will be part of a culture that is respectful, diverse, professional and fun, and where you are empowered to do your best work. As a regional non-profit health plan, we serve over 350,000 members in Santa Cruz, Monterey and Merced counties. To learn more about us, click here or check out this video.WHAT YOU'LL BE RESPONSIBLE FORCreating and maintaining enterprise data warehouse (EDW) and databases in an Agile environment that support the needs of our reporting systems. You will plan, schedule and coordinate the design, development, testing, implementation and documentation of the EDW and ETL applications. You will use tools like PL/SQL and T-SQL as well as other third-party tools. You will participate in sprint planning and estimation through collaboration with business systems analysts, product owners and other stakeholders. WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFULKnowledge of:Structured Query Language (SQL)Dimensional Modeling and Data Warehouse DesignOracle or Microsoft SQL Server DatabaseSSISAgile methodologiesAbility to:Understand and document business users requirementsGather and analyze complex data and information, troubleshoot issues, and develop practical and effective solutionsEffectively communicate with vendors and software support staff regarding systems specific issuesProvide technical guidance to other programming and systems staffEducation and Experience:Bachelor's degree in Management Information Systems or Computer ScienceFour years of enterprise data warehouse experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience which would provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities may be qualifyingTo read the full position description, and list of requirements click here.OUR BENEFITSMedical, Dental and Vision PlansAmple Paid Time Off11 Paid Holidays per year401(a) Retirement Plan457 Deferred Compensation PlanRobust Health and Wellness ProgramFresh Fruit DeliveryEV Charging StationsAnd many moreApplicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.
Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field cant be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. Youll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers lives. Well help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, youll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And youll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description  The Role  Allstate is looking for a senior software engineer to lead Agile XP development teams in building digital products to support the Allstate Roadside Services strategy. You and your team will develop code all day, every day, on a full stack cloud platform using pivotal cloud foundry, leveraging test-driven development and continuous integration/delivery. You will work in a highly structured, paired programming environment and partner with Product Managers within Allstate Roadside Services to translate our product strategy into highly functional, modular, and high-performance code. This is a tremendous opportunity to lead the creation of next-generation technologies, capabilities, and products to set us apart from the competition.  Don’t miss this opportunity to join a team where your innovative thinking and technology skills can help build digital products that will fundamentally change safety on the roadways and the way people interact with their cars.  Job Description  About You You love to code and you’re willing to fail fast and iterate to successYou’re ready to judge your success by the success of the team and happiness of the customerYou play well with others and have well developed communications skills. This is a paired programming environment so you have to be ready to be part of a teamYou have experience with Test Driven Development (TDD) and agile methodologiesYou are proficient in several programming languages. You will be pairing with developers and need to be able to understand code well enough to ask/answer good questionsYou are able to facilitate diverse teams, multi-task, and work under pressure to meet aggressive schedule targets  Job Qualifications  Job QualificationsAt least 8 years of software development experience (core language: Java) in an Agile environment, preferably using Test Driven Development (TDD)JavaScript frameworks such as React.Js, Angular and Node.js Front end experience (HTML5, CSS3, Less…) developing responsive designed applicationsExperience with enterprise level, high-availability application development requiredExperience in developing clean, well architected codeExperience with Spring Boot FrameworksExperience mentoring developers and leading teamsContinuous integration and deployment such as Jenkins, Concourse CI and/or GradleSource Control Management (preferably Git/GitHub)Excellent verbal and written communication skills Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary but thats just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, youll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy.  Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please see the notice regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.  For jobs in Los Angeles, please seethe notice regarding the Los Angeles Ordinance.  It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.  ABC
 WorldQuant is a quantitative asset management firm founded in 2007 and currently has over 600 employees spread across more than 20 offices in 15 countries. We develop and deploy systematic financial strategies across a variety of asset classes in global markets, utilizing a proprietary research platform and risk management process.  The WorldQuant Web team is looking for a web developer to join our team. The WQ Web team creates and maintains web based applications both for Internal and External use. Plan, develop, and maintain web-based applicationsApplication development will include all phases from planning and design, writing code and business rules to documentation and end user educationTroubleshoot and fix problems that arise in existing systemsThe ideal candidate will have extensive experience developing software applications in web environmentPossess 2+ years of experience in a web development environment.Possess a working knowledge in LAMP (software bundle)Have experience in HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JS libraries (React.js.jQuery etc..) and AJAXHave experience with scripting languages, such as Perl, Python and shell scriptingHave a solid background in Unix/Linux environmentHave experience in MySQL databaseExperience in test automation and unit testing a great plusPossess solid problem-solving ability Position is based in Old Greenwich, CT.  WorldQuant is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation or preference, age, marital status, citizenship, national origin, disability, military status, genetic predisposition or carrier status, or any other protected characteristic as established by applicable law.
 Spreetail is a profitable and growing ecommerce company that builds technology, markets products and manages warehouses to offer the best prices on tens of thousands of items. Our purpose is to make a dent in the universe by delighting millions of customers, creating opportunity and wealth for our team, and revolutionizing the communities we touch.  Spreetail is growing rapidly; our team is challenged every single day to outwork and outthink the competition. We move fast, and no one has the luxury to wait around for someone else to make the first move. We dive in, we learn, we adapt, sometimes we fail, but we never remain stagnant.  We look for team members who embody our mantra:  Be relentless. Pursue challenges. Act like an owner. Raise your bar. Practice humility. Make Spreetail better.  As a Back End Software Engineer, you will: Build maintainable software solutions that are flexible, elegant, and powerfulBuild software solutions that can be monitored and analyzed to understand system performance and behaviorShare technical knowledge and promote technical excellence throughout the departmentPursue continuous improvements to code quality and execution You must have experience with the following technologies: Web/API Development in the .NET Framework (C#, VB, .NET Core)SQL Server (Scripting, Indices, Views, Stored Procedures)Testing Frameworks (XUnit, NUnit, MSTest, etc.)Machine Learning / Data Analytics (R, Python, etc.)Version Control (Git) Spreetail isnt just a job or career, its a lifestyle that isnt for the faint of heart. Expect to put in the necessary hours each week to get the job done and break out of your comfort zone to tackle problems and pursue innovative solutions. If youre looking for a challenge and a career you can grow with, Spreetail is the opportunity youve been waiting for.  Well reward you with: Stock appreciation rightsLeadership development opportunitiesUntracked time offGroup health insuranceYearly company tripRegular company-funded events and activitiesDollar-for-dollar donation matchHome purchase bonus after 2 years of employmentBeach getaway after 3 years of employment10-day sabbatical after 5 years of employment
Req ID 1227BR  Recruiter John Dashiell  Industry Job Title Sr. Software Engineer  Internal Position Title Sr. Software Engineer  Employment Status Regular Full-time  Location Aberdeen, MD  Contract Award Contingency Yes  Job Description ENSCO, Inc., a leading provider of EW, Cyber and PNT solutions, is seeking a Software Engineer to join our growing team in Aberdeen Maryland. The successful candidate will work closely with other team members in the analysis, design and development of mission critical electronic systems and possess strong knowledge of PC and embedded systems architectures. This position offers outstanding opportunity for growth and personal development!Responsibilities include:• Architect effective software designs• Design, code, test and debug real-time software applications and associated interfaces• Analyze existing products and provide recommendations and implementation plans for improving existing software capabilities and performance• Perform reverse engineering and vulnerability research• Conduct experiments and evaluate new technologies Qualifications Required (Skills) Minimum Qualifications:• Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electronics Engineering, or other Engineering or Technical discipline• 5+ years’ in the design, development, and implementation of software systems such as application software, utility software, development software, and diagnostic software• Experience developing in MATLAB, Java, C/C++, HTML, XML, SQL, JavaScript• Experience in the design, develop, and test of software algorithms, applications and components• Experience with developing and implementing custom software algorithms and applications in combination with COTS and GOTS software applications• Experience with coding interface messaging software components• Experience developing Digital Signal or Image Processing algorithms• Excellent communications, problem-solving and coordination skills• This position requires the selected candidate to hold an active Department of Defense TS/SCI level security clearance, which requires US citizenship. IF YOU DO NOT MEET THIS REQUIREMENT YOU WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED General Education/Years of Experience BS or equiv; min 5 yrs related exp  U.S. Citizenship Yes  Security Clearance Level TS/SCI  Drug Screen Type None  Export Control and Licensing None  Background Check Type 7 year  Division Description The National Security Solutions (NSS) Division provides security solutions for the United States government. NSS employees offer a multi-disciplinary approach to solve some of the most challenging technical problems in complex operational environments. Our areas of expertise are in sensor development and integration; chemical, biological and geophysical phenomenology; software applications and modeling; and operational applications of technology. Key customers include the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Defense, and the Intelligence Community  ENSCO, Inc. and its wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries are equal opportunity/affirmative action employers, committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under state or local law. 
CloudHealth Technologies is looking for engineers to join our amazing team as we scale the business and work on a wide variety of exciting and challenging projects. About You: You have an analytical mind, an independent spirit, passion for the craft of software engineering, and the ability to execute in an agile environment. You’re capable of designing, developing and supporting a complex and fast­ growing cloud based SaaS application independently, but you also value partnering with a strong collaborative team.You Will:Develop and ship software supporting a highly available, fault tolerant SaaS application.Deliver high quality software in a collaborative, dynamic, team-focused agile environment.Produce quality, well-tested, and well-documented code.Collaborate with like-minded team members to identify and solve complex problems.Develop scalable solutions using distributed computing techniques.Be a champion of transparency and informal knowledge sharing across the team.Contribute to relevant open source projects to support the open source community.You Have: Some previous full-time or internship experience delivering software in a commercial environment.A passion for continuous improvement and innovation.An enthusiasm for learning from fellow engineers and team members.Excellent interpersonal and problem solving skills.A 4-Year undergraduate degree in Computer Science.Bonus Points For: Cloud computingMulti-threaded programmingDistributed computing experienceWeb development (e.g. Python, Django or Ruby on Rails)Chef, Puppet, Ansible and/or Ruby (JRuby)Startup experienceOur benefits don't stop with competitive salaries, 401K plans, comprehensive medical, dental, vision, and life/disability insurance or flexible PTO.To give everyone a stake in the business, we ensure everyone gets equity. Plus, there's the usual good stuff like Commuter & Gym reimbursements, Apple hardware, Free snacks, lunches, and beer. Have a well behaved, office friendly pooch? We heart dogs - so bring em' in!
Stratus – Uptime Made Simple People count on Stratus when their important computer applications need to be up and running all the time. Stratus is the proven provider of simple to manage uptime solutions that help to protect lives, money and reputations. Long-time customers include credit-card and ATM networks, hospitals, manufacturing and utilities companies, securities and brokerage firms, 9-1-1 emergency call centers and similar mission-critical operations where the potential harm from service failure is very high. Job Summary: The senior Linux development engineer will lead the effort to strengthen the security of Stratus’ Linux/KVM based everRun high availability solution. Tasks include defining and leading the enablement of SELinux on the Stratus everRun platform, leading Stratus’ secure boot implementation, architecting a firewall implementation for a next generation product, and leading security related best practices related to the user roles of Stratus management software and applications.  The successful candidates will join a dynamic, cross-functional 10-persom Linux development team in Maynard, Massachusetts responsible for new product development. Working closely with the team, typical tasks will include: Linux kernel and user level software design, development, and debug with an emphasis on security technologies.High level articulation of security related technologies for management and marketing.Working with other teams to define new features and design the needed interfaces to support those new features.Willingness to learn new skills to do whatever it takes to help the team successfully deliver value to our customers.Qualifications:Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or its equivalent.Experience with security technologies such as SELinux, TLS, PKI, TPM5+Years of Software Development ExperienceStrong Linux or Unix kernel and user space development background with experience in C and one or more of the following languages: C++, Perl, Python, or Java.Desired Experience:Experience using Open Source software to improve efficiency on the job.Good communication skills, comfortable working in a team orientated environment.Eagerness to track new technologies and think outside the box on how to improve the value Stratus delivers to its users.For more information, check out www.stratus.com  Stratus Technologies is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer; we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/AA/M/F/D/V
 The Northrop Grumman Mission Systems, Software and Digital Technologies Group, is seeking Embedded Software Engineers to be involved in full life-cycle product development of Radio Frequency Electronic Warfare (RFEW), Infrared Counter Measures (IRCM) and Advanced Target & Surveillance (ATS) Systems. You will be involved in requirements analysis and system architecture, coding, design and verification using state of the art tools and techniques. MSRMMBasic Qualifications:Bachelor’s Degree OR Master's degree in CS, CE, ECE or comparable Engineering disciplineAbility to translate system performance and operational specifications into software requirements, design, and test specificationsKnowledge in programming embedded software using: C and Object Oriented CKnowledge in operating system concepts for embedded systemsAbility to test, debug and integrate on embedded systemsKnowledge in using requirement management, configuration management and change management tools.US Citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Security Clearance.Preferred Qualifications:Experience programming embedded software such as: C and C .Experience programming application software such as: C#, .Net, Java.Experience with scripting languages such as: Python, Javascript, Perl, Unix/DOS shell scripts.Experience on complex systems of systems utilizing parallel processing, distributed processing, multi-core, secure processing, Big Data, GP-GPU.Experience using RTOS such as: VxWorks, INTEGRITY, PSOS and/or Embedded LinuxExperience with CMMI Level 3, 4 and/or 5Experience in using MATLAB and SimulinkExperience with tools such as: DOORS, ClearCase, ClearQuest and RhapsodyExperience using Model Based Engineering, UML, SysML, OOAD and OOPExperience with interfaces such as: 1553, Ethernet, Fiber, USB, Serial and/or PCI-E.Experience with Agile and/or Rapid prototyping software methodologiesDifferentiating characteristics included: demonstrated leadership and teamwork capability, interpersonal communication skills and activities (professional/community/extracurricular) and an enthusiastic go getter attitudeUS citizen with active Secret or Top-secret clearance Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
Software Developer/Engineer-15311Position DescriptionIntroduction: The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL), a national leader in scientific research and development, located midway between Baltimore and Washington, DC is seeking a Software Developer/Engineer for a modeling and simulation effort in the Radio Frequency domain. Job Summary: Apply software engineering skills and work as part of a team of software developers, systems engineers and analysts to help design and develop modeling and simulation (M&S) software applications, support analysis of radio frequency (RF) systems, and other electronic warfare M&S projects in Force Projection Sector.Duties: Participate in a team environment to design, develop, enhance, and execute M&S software tools for the RF and electronic warfare domain, including providing full life cycle support (requirements, design, implementation, testing, and debugging). (50%) Apply object-oriented design and development techniques primarily in the Java programming language. (20%) Analyze software complexity and select the best algorithms and tools to meet critical performance criteria. (10%) Produce documentation to capture requirements, technical concepts, software design, and user information for all deliverables and brief results to development and analysis teams. (10%) Analyze and support M&S results to support customer needs and objectives. (10%)Note: This job summary and listing of duties is for the purpose of describing the position and its essential functions at time of hire and may change over time.Qualifications: Required Qualifications:BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field. 1+ years of experience in programming with Java, with a focus on developing applications. Applicant should possess strong interpersonal skills and be able to work independently, as well as a member of a team. Must be able to clearly communicate technical information, written and orally, as well as possess good organizational and time management skills. Ability to obtain a Secret clearance.Desired Qualifications:MS and/or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field. Strong experience in Java and/or C/C++. Unit testing experience, and experience with documenting program flow (UML), GUI development, and Agile software development process, as well as experience optimizing code. A background with physics based M&S of analog and digital radio frequency systems. Proficient in the setup and use of software version control and issue tracking tools (SVN, GIT, YouTrack, JIRA, GForge, GitHub etc.) automated software build-test tools (TeamCity, Jenkins, etc.) and modern IDEs (Eclipse or Equivalent). Active Secret clearance. Special Working Conditions: Air and vehicle travel to U.S. Government and DOD contractor facilities. Security: Applicants selected will be subject to a Government security investigation and must meet the eligibility requirements for access to classified information up to the Secret level. Eligibility requirements include US citizenship. Benefits: APL offers a comprehensive benefits package including a liberal vacation plan, a matching retirement program, significant educational assistance, a scholarship tuition program for staff with dependents, and competitive salaries commensurate with skills and experience. For more information about our organization, please visit our web site at www.jhuapl.edu. Equal Employment Opportunity: Johns Hopkins University/Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that complies with Title IX of the Education Amendments Acts of 1972, as well as other applicable laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Primary Location *United States-*Maryland-*LaurelSchedule Full-time -
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 Senior Software Development Engineer in Test Job Location  Cambridge, MA Req Number 2018-1010 Department  Business SystemsApply NowOverview: Foundation Medicine is a molecular information company focused on fundamentally changing the way in which patients with cancer are treated. Our products provide more than information. They offer hope to patients, their families and friends, their physicians and caregivers.  We've seen the difference that our technology can make in the lives of patients, but there is still enormous potential to help even more people. In our drive to help transform the way in which patients with cancer are treated, we strive to improve every life we touch through our dedication to innovation, our commitment to people, and our passion for performance.  Reporting to the Manager of Quality Engineering, you will be part of a team of Sr. SDETs, SDETs, functional testers and automation engineers driving the automation vision of the Quality Engineering department.  You will be working with test leads and scrum teams to continuously bridge gaps in automation, functional and testing infrastructure across teams and responsible for building processes to ensure high quality software releases. Responsible for construction of new framework and tools to help augment existing automation frameworks. Additionally, will be working closely with DevOps team to strategically include automated tests and testing infrastructure into DevOps pipeline. Activities will include working with the cloud team to maintain best practices, integrating continuous automated testing, the instantiation of automation scripts, and ensuring high quality software, and working with product teams to promote Quality Engineering principles. This function is of extreme importance in the community we serve as more efficient tools and a quicker turnaround time on results can drastically impact a patient’s treatment. We are looking for a highly motivated individual who will thrive working within a fast-paced, team-oriented atmosphere. Responsibilities:Contribute towards the future state of automation for Quality Engineering dept. by closely collaborating with the testing team, a team comprising of Sr. SDETs, SDETs, functional testers and automation engineers.Perform gap analysis of current state of automation frameworks, functional testing process and testing infrastructure across products and strategizing future state of automation framework with a roadmap.Evangelize, strategize, introduce and implement automation frameworks to support integration, web service and GUI testing across FMI product lines to be first class DevOps citizens.Writing automated tests and test harnesses application and services under test.Writing and reviewing test strategies, test plans and test cases based on the agile stories and/or product requirements.Interact and collaborate directly with software developers, product managers, and business analysts to ensure proper development and quality of FMI applications and products.Interact with SDETs, QA members and FMI technical leaders to understand systems and component specifications and recommend changes to facilitate efficient and effective testing.Evangelize software testing best practices and influence architecture and design decisions.Participate in efforts to share FMI testing technology and expertise within the company.Perform tasks efficiently and work together with team to ensure project success.Perform other duties as assigned.Qualifications:B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS, or equivalent preferred.5+ years of experience as a software developer or SDET.Strong Experience in Selenium web driver, Selenium Grid and Cucumber.Proficiency in, at least, one programming language C++, Java, JavaScript or Python.Strong Experience developing high quality automation frameworks.Strong Experience in BDD, TDD, Data driven and Hybrid automation frameworks.Strong Experience to programmatically test products; measure test coverage; develop best automation, profiling, and performance/load testing tools; and drive testability and diagnostic ability into the product.Strong experience working with SDLC frameworks like: SCRUM, Kanban, Agile.Experience with automation, web deployment and engineering environment tools such as Mocha, Jasmine, JIRA, Github/Gitlab, Jenkins.Experience in testing applications on Cloud infrastructure (Azure/AWS) a plus.Experience working in distributed SOA environments including REST services.Experience in querying complex schemas and relational databases.Experience working in a within a DevOps model and continuous delivery model.Experience working in a regulated environment (SOX, HIPAA, CLIA, FDA) a plus.
Requisition Number  44505BR Title  Lead, Software Development - MDM Business  US - Global IT State / Country / Province  Connecticut City  New Britain No. of Positions  1Job DescriptionAbout the Company Since 1843, we’ve set the standard for excellence in everything we do. No company on earth has a stronger or more compelling history of delivering the hardworking, innovative, powerful tools that help professionals around the world build, repair, and protect the world’s most valuable things.  No matter where you live, what car you drive, what stores you shop at, or what building you work in, you can bet that we had a hand in making it work. And you can guarantee that we’ll keep making it work. Position Summary As an MDM (Master Data Management) Lead Software Development Analyst with Stanley Black and Decker, you will have the opportunity to work on exciting projects. You will be responsible for conducting workshops and work sessions with stakeholders, mapping uses and business processes, gathering and documenting business and technical requirements, assessing technical constraints and considerations, and creating functional design. In this role you will also work closely with our business clients and must demonstrate functional and technical knowledge to ensure that the work products and deliverables are of the highest caliber. Your ability to communicate with stakeholders and effectively present solutions will be crucial to ensuring the success of our client engagements. In-depth knowledge of the tools, processes and methodologies for all phases of the SDLC is required. Principal Accountabilities Coordinate MDM (Master Data Management) projects and participate as MDM subject matter expert on corporate projects.  Collaborate with IT Staff, Systems Analysts, and business subject matter experts, to support the MDM environment.  Monitor the MDM environment for issues and resolve as needed.  Design test plans, execute test scenarios, validate test data, and document test results  Capable of translating customer and internal specifications for enhancements to the MDM application  Experienced working knowledge of ETL application functions and processes  Responsible for preparing design/technical/functional specification documentation.  Designs, configures/codes, tests, debugs and documents software/solution according to SBD-IT systems standards, policies and procedures.  Prepares test data for unit, development integration and performance testing.  Resolves customer issues with software solutions and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements.  Interacts with business users and I/T to define current and future application requirements. Required Skills & Experience, Knowledge: Excellent working knowledge of the IBM MDM Applications (Collaborative Edition is a plus)  Proficient in Java/J2EE, SQL Webservices, XML)  Solid working knowledge of ETL applications (e.g. IBM Infoshere DataStage)  Demonstrated experience with Data Profiling, Data Cleansing  Excellent working knowledge of Data Cleaning Applications (IBM InfoStage DataStage - Quality Stage designer is a plus)  Strong knowledge of SAP ERP Systems and data structures (e.g. customer, vendor, product)  Strong project management experience leading / executing projects  Serves as a technical authority within the organization and with customers. Problem Solving: Exercises discretion and independent judgment in execution of duties  Applies analytical and interpretation skills to problems of diverse scope.  Develops solutions to a variety of problems of moderate complexity.  Screens, evaluates, reconciles, reports and resolves data integrity issues.  Recognizes and acts on inconsistencies in data or results and escalates problems.  Works on assignments where considerable judgment and initiative are required in resolving problems and making choices, decisions or recommendations  Develops complex solutions to business problems or customer engagements through in-depth analysis, coordination and negotiation with key decision makers.  a) Uses experience, innovation and judgment to make decisions that may be based on partial information.  b) Considers Stanley Black & Decker-wide implications of decisions and recommendations.  Adapts and integrates own experience with Stanley Black & Decker-wide strategy.  a) Analyzes and forecasts business and market trends.  Develops innovative solutions to problems without precedent.  a) Invents new products and processes to achieve strategic business objectives.  Decisions are strategic in nature, have long-term consequence, and tend to relate to business strategy, financial performance and effective resource utilization. Guidance: Works well under general direction.  Work is guided by objectives of the area or assignment.  Refers to established policies, procedures and precedents as needed.  May set project timeframes and priorities based on project objectives and ongoing assignments.  Assumes responsibility to improve service, efficiency and quality of work.  Actively participates on small, medium and large project teams as the focal MDM expert in support of MDM related project deliverables.  Initiates new or revised departmental procedures, programs and initiatives.  Assesses and determines priorities within area of expertise.  Structures and implements changes within the context of established strategy.  a) Plans implementation of major change efforts.  Leads large scale, global programs that contribute to the corporation’s success. Relationships: Possesses the ability, and is comfortable to effectively communicate to all levels of management.  Coordinates MDM activities for on and offshore outsourcing partners.  Contributes to team by ensuring quality of output and providing training as necessary  Contributes to the completion of milestones associated with specific projects or activities within own area.  Establishes working relationships with others outside area of expertise.  Applies knowledge and understanding of functional, IT and business process to successfully coordinate and implement solutions.  Ability to work on/with cross-functional teams Experience: 8-10 years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience Additional Skills: Possesses and applies a comprehensive knowledge of applications programming and analysis and the impact of the solutions on the business and IT functions.  Applies knowledge to analyze and develop solutions to complex problems.  Competent to work in all phases of applications programming.  Possesses and applies an advanced level of understanding of the principles of applications programming.  Demonstrated ability to lead large projects or offer complex programming solutions.  Develops and maintains a thorough knowledge of key business processes, current and future requirements and key success factors.  Ability to effectively communicate business issues and needs at a leadership level and how technology supports those requirements. Education Undergraduate degree in Computer Sciences or a related field and 8-10 years relevant experience, or  Graduate degree and 6-8 years of relevant experience. EEO Statement All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age, disability or any other characteristic protected by law
 What you will do Bring a strong perspective that drives change and motivates engineers to develop simple solutions to complex problems.Build a Platform-as-a-Service infrastructure that scales to run big data analytics and orchestration software offering Who you will work with  At Cisco, we build products that enable enterprises react faster to the intelligence derived from data. To do that requires a data centric platform that can receive events from a variety of network appliances, and other event sources, process and provides insights. Cisco’s data platform operates at massive scale processing billions of network events across the enterprise and converting that into actionable insights in real time. Cisco’s data platform team consists of Data Scientists, Data Modelers/Analysts, and Platform engineers collaborating on building the next generation data platform that powers the enterprise. You’ll lead and collaborate as part of a disruptive software engineering team that is passionate about transforming the networking industry  Who you are Responsibilities:Own product areas and lead the test effort of one or more features.Work with the engineering team during the feature design and implementation phases to develop: o Test methodology (designing the test approach) to test the feature end-to-end.  o Test plans. Collaborate with other testing members, developers, technical writers, and customer solutions engineers to ensure the company delivers high quality products to our customers.Execute multiple iterations of the test plan by running manual and automated test cases.Analyze failures and root cause issues, file defects, follow up with developers, documentation and other teams on the resolution.Automate test cases.Monitor and manage continuous integration environment.Mentor team members.Desired skills: ¬ Have a high bar for quality of the product.  ¬ Expertise in testing high performance, highly scalable solutions deployed on the cloud (AWS or others)  ¬ Creative, independent, self-motivated and willing to learn new technology.  ¬ Possess good understanding of QA methodologies and processes.  ¬ Ability to take up variety of roles in a startup environment.  ¬ Excellent troubleshooting abilities spanning multiple software and hardware components (such as switches, storage systems, kernels and containers).  ¬ Good knowledge of Linux and should be comfortable with shell.  ¬ Prior experience of programming, preferably in Go or Python.  ¬ Knowledge of ESXi, HyperV, KVM is a plus.  ¬ Understanding of storage concepts is a plus.  ¬ Experience with distributed systems (databases, storage, map-reduce frameworks, etc.) is a plus.  ¬ Strong test planning ability is a big plus.  ¬ Expert in building complex automation frameworks using Python or Go programming skills  ¬ Experience in developing REST APIs, very good understanding of networking concepts, L2 - L7 protocols.  ¬ Expertise in testing container technologies and writing containerized software (using docker, lxc, kubernetes or mesos) Bonus: ¬ Develop, test and deploying applications to PaaS platfoms like Heroku, Cloud Foundry, OpenShift, Google App Engine etc. Minimum Qualifications ¬ 7 – 9 years of working experience in a high impact software development team  ¬ MSEE/CS combined with 5+ years of related experience, or BSEE/CS combined with 7+ yrs related experience.  ¬ 3+ years’ experience with testing “systems” products (network analytics, networking, virtualization, etc.)  ¬ Programming experience in Java/Python, GoLang is a big bonus  ¬ Linux systems engineering exposure, familiarity with Virtualization  ¬ Experience in all phases of SW development cycle with some exposure to agile development methodologies  ¬ Excellent problem solving skills.  Why Cisco  We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.  We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  We Are Cisco.
Power Quality C++/C# Software Engineer Electrotek Concepts has an immediate need for a software engineer for developing C++/C# power quality applications and back end systems. This position will be located in our Cummings Center office in Beverly, Massachusetts.  Electrotek is a leading power systems engineering consulting firm. We analyze, measure, simulate, and solve electric power systems problems and provide training on power quality and power system topics. Our customers include electric power utilities, commercial & industrial energy users, and research companies. We develop and maintain PQView®, the industry's leading enterprise software for power quality monitoring, analysis, reporting, and automatic fault location. We also commercialize a suite of power quality and energy efficiency analysis tools for electric power transmission and distribution systems. You will be developing software to:Communicate with power quality meters and monitoring systems.Download measurements into databases.Perform numerical algorithms including harmonic analysis, static analysis, and correlations on downloaded measurements.Import data from industry standard PQDIF and COMTRADE format as well as proprietary file and database formats.Export data to industry standard PQDIF and COMTRADE format. Required skills: C or C++ (CLR interop is a plus)C# and .NET FrameworkCOMExperience with SQL Server 2012-2016Visual Studio 2010-2015Experience with multi-threading environments.Knowledge of several of the following communication protocols: RS232RS485ModemModbusDNP3IEC 61850 Familiarity with source code control systems and issue tracking systems.  Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, electrical engineering, or comparable degree Ability to work both independently and in a team. Desired Skills Experience with electric power systems, power quality monitors, or energy meters considered a plusExperience in direct interaction with customers to help resolve technical issues is considered a plusOur Office Location18 miles North of Boston in the Cummings Center in Beverly, MassachusettsEasy Access to Routes US-1 and I-95One Mile from Route 128 at Routes 1A and 62On-Site MBTA/CATA Bus StopNearby Commuter Rail at Beverly Depot Cummings Center Amenities: Dedicated Bicycle Storage, Free Daytime Open and Covered Parking, Six Restaurants and Coffee Shops, Full-Service Fitness Facilities, On-Site Childcare Providers (Dog Day Care, too!), U.S. Post Office, Dry Cleaners, Hair Salons, Barbershops, Spas, Two Banks, Many Professional and Healthcare Providers, Waterfront Nature Trails, Picnic Areas, Parks and Two Scenic Ponds  Please submit your resume in confidence, as well as salary history, to employment@Electrotek.com. EOE M/F/D/V
Senior Software Development EngineerAbout Us For more than a decade weve been adapting, innovating and collaborating to shape new learning possibilities for over 2 million kids and 75,000 teachers. Our mission is to inspire all students to think differently about math and love it. We have a creative and fun office environment (foosball table, awesome coffee, dog and kid-friendly) and a work-life-balanced company culture that acknowledges hard work while encouraging innovation and professional growth.  Our award-winning online math software is a pioneer in the EdTech space, and we continue to be at the forefront of the industry. Our adaptive technology, rigorous curriculum, and game-like environment work together to provide a unique learning experience thats like no other. About the Role We are an Agile shop, and our team is made up of a diverse group of self-motivated, passionate, and adaptive software engineers. Our Interactive Software Development Engineers create and implement interactive designs for students to experience on desktops and tablets. We are seeking to add a new senior member to the teamsomeone with technical and people leadership skills, and strong desire to grow with the company and improve the lives of children and learning guardians.  A typical day in this position involves working with engineers, artists, UI/UX designers, and teachers, to create, deliver and support high-quality software. You will be designing and building interactive components to provide a rich and engaging experience for students to explore and master mathematical concepts.  We are seeking someone with a passion for learning, not afraid of challenges, and a knack for solving hard problems. We are changing the lives of students, teachers, and families with our software, and you will play a critical role in expanding and supporting the content and platform that are at the heart of our product offering. About You We work on the cutting edge of a lot of technologies. We need someone who is a creative problem solver, resourceful in getting things done, and productive working independently and collaboratively. Successful interactive software development engineers at DreamBox are highly-motivated and productive coders with a strong background in Object Oriented Programming and an appreciation for smooth animations, elegant UI, tasteful transitions, game mechanics, and steady frame rates. They also have experience with a variety of client-side platforms and technologies and have collaborated to ship software successfully. This person will take on the following responsibilities:Create content for our DreamBox Learning experience.Help us improve our software platform.Operate in a collaborative development environment.Help us refine development processes and strategies.Deliver quality work to meet our deadlines.Support and maintain released software.Grow into a technical and people leader. Requirements:5+ years of professional programming experience.Recent and extensive working knowledge in designing and implementing interactive software.Expertise in writing and cross-browser web applications.Extensive working knowledge of JavaScript.Experience with client-server technologies, like REST, HTTP, JSON.Experience implementing designs for a user experience across desktop and tablet devices.Solid understanding of the DOM and Canvas.Front-end debugging experience using tools such as Charles Web Proxy, Firebug and Chrome developer tools.Self-motivated and passionate about software engineering and technology.
Diversity Statement Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information  U.S. Citizenship Required. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in related discipline plus 5 to 7 years of directly related experience or a Master's degree and 3 years of experience. Professional certification(s) may be required.  In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for more than 10 years applicable work experience. Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience for positions involving new technology or labor market shortages as reflected by  market survey data.  Proficiency in writing and debugging software code for web applications in Java/J2EE/JSP/JSTL and PL/SQL queries in Oracle  Ability to quickly research and learn new technologies as needed  Ability to analyze functional requirements and attention to detail necessary to arrive at technically sound design decisions and source code  Ability to work in a collaborative environment with other engineers, testers and subject-matter experts  Ability to proficiently document work completed, issues or other items necessary for the teams awareness  US Citizenship  A DoD Secret Clearance or the ability to obtain one Desired Experience: Spring, Hibernate, Eclipse IDE, JoSQL, JavaScript, Query/jqGrid/dynaTree, HTML, CSS, Apache Tomcat, FusionCharts, Aspose Words, Trac, and /orMaven Responsibilities/Qualification Looking for a change? This position is full of variety, ranging debugging software codes for web applications, to development and testing environment support. Also provides an opportunity to work on extremely challenging projects, that could lead to future growth opportunities.  Participate in the software engineering life cycle development process  Develop and document requirements, use case specifications, design overviews, design details and coding approaches for new software features  Implement and debug functional enhancements and corrections to the CounterMeasures product  Write unit tests of completed source code  Apply performance and maintenance enhancements to completed source code  Work with testing staff to assure prepared test procedures are valid for software requirements and implementation.  Document work performed in our software change request tracking application  Support maintenance of development and testing environments and system hosting our production deployment of the software
 Tapjoy's Maximum Impact PlatformTM provides mobile engagement and monetization services for leading advertisers and app developers. Advertisers rely on Tapjoy's diverse suite of rewarded InterplayTM ads including video and rich media to impact performance. Developers utilize our technology and mobile expertise to acquire and monetize users. The Tapjoy SDK is currently embedded in over 15,000 mobile apps, reaching 520 million monthly active users. A 2016 comScoreTM study confirmed Tapjoy Interplay® ads deliver an unprecedented 3x lift across all brand metrics. The company works with Fortune 500 brands and the Top 200 grossing app developers. Founded in 2007, Tapjoy is a global organization with more than a dozen offices worldwide and is headquartered in San Francisco.  Tapjoy is backed by top-tier investors, including J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Rho Ventures, North Bridge Venture Partners, InterWest Partners and D.E. Shaw Ventures. Headquartered in San Francisco, the company also has offices in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Santa Barbara, Boston, London, Beijing, Shanghai, Seoul and Tokyo. Position Title - Staff Software Engineer, OperationsPosition Description/Responsibilities: Youll work with a team to design, build and maintain Tapjoys core infrastructure.Youll debug production issues at every tier of a massive distributed system, across dozens of services. Youll make performance improvements to software applications, improve cache and database performance, and work with product engineering groups to reduce cost and improve the user experience of our customers. While you may have an area of concentration, you understand technologies throughout the software stack. Core Responsibilities:Build and improve infrastructure management tools.Devise creative solutions to problems and either implement them yourself or work with other teams to do so.Work to improve our core platform architecture.Participate in an on-call rotation, roughly once every twelve weeks.Core Competencies:Container Systems - Kubernetes, DockerService Orchestration Tools - Envoy, IstioDistributed Systems EngineeringPerformance Monitoring & ProfilingCloud Service Engineering - Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud PlatformRequirements:You have a BS in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience)5-7 years of related professional work experience While were operating at tremendous scale, we still maintain a startup culture at Tapjoy with all of the casual, social, creative teammates you could desire, and encourage an entrepreneurial mindset where we drive innovation, continuous improvement and tremendous pride in our organization.  If you want to learn about building an amazing team with industry-leading technology, you want to surround yourself with brilliant, passionate entrepreneurial teammates at Tapjoy.  Tapjoy is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that diversity and inclusion lead to stronger, more innovative teams and better business results; we want to draw from the broadest talent pool possible and encourage qualified applicants. Tapjoy does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, ethnicity, color, age, sexual orientation, gender (including identity and expression), disability (mental or physical), religion, national origin, citizenship, marital status, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification protected by applicable law; we will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities, and pursuant to applicable fair chance ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  For more information, please visit www.tapjoy.com.
Responsibilities/Duties Required Skills Preferred Skills Required Experience Required Education Required QualificationsA Baltimore Sun top workplace, Berkshire Associates is looking for an energetic, driven individual to join our sales team in Columbia, MD. The HR Software Sales Executive actively sells and develops new business opportunities for Berkshire’s proprietary Applicant Tracking System, BALANCEtrak, in all markets within assigned territories, executes sales campaigns, and responds primarily to incoming leads and occasionally RFPs to increase Berkshire’s sales revenue. In addition, at the discretion of management, the HR Software Sales Executive occasionally may manage a portfolio of existing client accounts. Saas software sales experience with an ATS or HR System preferred.Actively identifies and pursues new business development opportunities and leads within assigned territory through e-mail or phone communication and occasional in-person presentations.Meets or exceeds revenue and non-revenue related goals as agreed upon at the beginning of the evaluation period.Works closely with the Marketing department and utilizing other internal resources to develop and execute sales campaigns and cold calls as appropriate or as suggested by the manager.Manages and responds to assigned RFPs from SMBs, utilizing appropriate resources to craft a complete and accurate RFP responses in a timely manner.Develops and delivers sales proposals and presentations to clients and prospects, via the web or in-person sales meetings.Independently and proficiently demonstrates Berkshire’s software products to clients and prospects.Communicates with clients and prospective clients regularly to develop a quality business relationship, assess their current business condition, uncover needs, and sell products and services using a consultative selling approach.Transitions client accounts to Account Executives/Account Managers, managing existing accounts, once products and services have been purchased from Berkshire within an agreed-upon time frame.Maintains detailed records of prospect & client contact, correspondence, opportunities, and proposals within our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software using the company’s guidelines.Represents Berkshire at tradeshows, conferences and other public/industry events to network with prospective clients to generate new opportunities, as approved by the manager.Working knowledge of Microsoft Office software applications, Microsoft Outlook, and Microsoft Internet Explorer required.Working knowledge of general computer and office equipment operation required.Working knowledge of a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software required; experience with SalesForce preferred.Excellent written and verbal communication skills as well as excellent phone etiquette required.Demonstrated time management and organization skills required.Demonstrated commitment to excellent customer service required.Demonstrated ability to perform in a consultative selling environment required.Ability to communicate with tact and discretion required.Ability to work under limited supervision required.Ability to negotiate on the company’s behalf required.Cloud based (SaaS) software sales experience, preferably with an ATS or HR SystemCasual knowledge of basic human resources principles and regulations preferred.Experience with "SalesForce" software preferred.3 to 5 years business to business sales including 1 to 2 years of new business sales or related experience required, sales experience within the professional services industry preferred.Experience in a consultative selling environment required.Bachelor's degree in Business, Human Resources or closely related field, or equivalent experience, required.The position requires the ability to work in a fast-paced environment while prioritizing multiple competing tasks and demands.Up to 10% travel required.
 000000004418
Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs, and modifies workflow/mobile solutions. Using current programming language and technologies, writes code, completes programming, and performs testing and debugging of services. Completes documentation and sequence diagrams of solution and service interactions. Working in an Agile based team deploying code daily to customers.ResponsibilitiesDesigns enhancements, updates, and programming changes across multiple services and their components in a cloud deployed environmentAnalyzes design and determines coding, programming, and integration activities required based on general objectives and knowledge of overall architecture of product or solutionWrites and executes complete testing plans, protocols, and documentation for assigned portion of application; identifies and debugs, and creates solutions for issues with code and integration into application architectureCollaborates and communicates with management, internal, and development partners regarding software applications design status, project progress, and issue resolutionRepresents the software applications engineering team for all phases of larger and more-complex development projectsProvides guidance and mentoring to less-experienced staff membersEducation and ExperienceBachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalentMinimum 0-5 years experienceKnowledge and SkillsStrong analytical and problem solving skillsSoftware applications testing methodology, including writing and execution of test plans, debugging, and testing scripts and toolsExcellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Ability to effectively communicate product architectures, design proposals and negotiate options at management levelsAbility to contribute in a small team environment Experience with modern programming languages and methodologies Experience in Java, Spring framework is a plus Experience in JavaScript, AngularJS is a plus Knowledge in various cloud and virtualization technologies Experience in cloud deployment automation techniques and technologies is a plus
Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field cant be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. Youll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers lives. Well help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, youll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And youll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description  The Role  Allstate is looking for a senior software engineer to lead Agile XP development teams in building digital products to support the Allstate Roadside Services strategy. You and your team will develop code all day, every day, on a full stack cloud platform using pivotal cloud foundry, leveraging test-driven development and continuous integration/delivery. You will work in a highly structured, paired programming environment and partner with Product Managers within Allstate Roadside Services to translate our product strategy into highly functional, modular, and high-performance code. This is a tremendous opportunity to lead the creation of next-generation technologies, capabilities, and products to set us apart from the competition.  Don’t miss this opportunity to join a team where your innovative thinking and technology skills can help build digital products that will fundamentally change safety on the roadways and the way people interact with their cars.  Job Description  About You You love to code and you’re willing to fail fast and iterate to successYou’re ready to judge your success by the success of the team and happiness of the customerYou play well with others and have well developed communications skills. This is a paired programming environment so you have to be ready to be part of a teamYou have experience with Test Driven Development (TDD) and agile methodologiesYou are proficient in several programming languages. You will be pairing with developers and need to be able to understand code well enough to ask/answer good questionsYou are able to facilitate diverse teams, multi-task, and work under pressure to meet aggressive schedule targets  Job Qualifications  Job QualificationsAt least 8 years of software development experience (core language: Java) in an Agile environment, preferably using Test Driven Development (TDD)JavaScript frameworks such as React.Js, Angular and Node.jsFront end experience (HTML5, CSS3, Less…) developing responsive designed applicationsExperience with enterprise level, high-availability application development requiredExperience in developing clean, well architected codeExperience with Spring Boot FrameworksExperience mentoring developers and leading teamsContinuous integration and deployment such as Jenkins, Concourse CI and/or GradleSource Control Management (preferably Git/GitHub)Excellent verbal and written communication skills Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary but thats just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, youll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy.  Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for thisposition. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please see the notice regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.  For jobs in Los Angeles, please seethe notice regarding the Los Angeles Ordinance.  It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.  ABC
 Spreetail is a profitable and growing ecommerce company that builds technology, markets products and manages warehouses to offer the best prices on tens of thousands of items. Our purpose is to make a dent in the universe by delighting millions of customers, creating opportunity and wealth for our team, and revolutionizing the communities we touch.  Spreetail is growing rapidly; our team is challenged every single day to outwork and outthink the competition. We move fast, and no one has the luxury to wait around for someone else to make the first move. We dive in, we learn, we adapt, sometimes we fail, but we never remain stagnant.  We look for team members who embody our mantra:  Be relentless. Pursue challenges. Act like an owner. Raise your bar. Practice humility. Make Spreetail better.  As a Back End Software Engineer, you will: Build maintainable software solutions that are flexible, elegant, and powerfulBuild software solutions that can be monitored and analyzed to understand system performance and behaviorShare technical knowledge and promote technical excellence throughout the departmentPursue continuous improvements to code quality and execution You must have experience with the following technologies: Web/API Development in the .NET Framework (C#, VB, .NET Core)SQL Server (Scripting, Indices, Views, Stored Procedures)Testing Frameworks (XUnit, NUnit, MSTest, etc.)Machine Learning / Data Analytics (R, Python, etc.)Version Control (Git) Spreetail isnt just a job or career, its a lifestyle that isnt for the faint of heart. Expect to put in the necessary hours each week to get the job done and break out of your comfort zone to tackle problems and pursue innovative solutions. If youre looking for a challenge and a career you can grow with, Spreetail is the opportunity youve been waiting for.  Well reward you with: Stock appreciation rightsLeadership development opportunitiesUntracked time offGroup health insuranceYearly company tripRegular company-funded events and activitiesDollar-for-dollar donation matchHome purchase bonus after 2 years of employmentBeach getaway after 3 years of employment10-day sabbatical after 5 years of employment
CloudHealth Technologies is looking for engineers to join our amazing team as we scale the business and work on a wide variety of exciting and challenging projects. About You: You have an analytical mind, an independent spirit, passion for the craft of software engineering, and the ability to execute in an agile environment. You’re capable of designing, developing and supporting a complex and fast­ growing cloud based SaaS application independently, but you also value partnering with a strong collaborative team.You Will:Develop and ship software supporting a highly available, fault tolerant SaaS application.Deliver high quality software in a collaborative, dynamic, team-focused agile environment.Produce quality, well-tested, and well-documented code.Collaborate with like-minded team members to identify and solve complex problems.Develop scalable solutions using distributed computing techniques.Be a champion of transparency and informal knowledge sharing across the team.Contribute to relevant open source projects to support the open source community.You Have: Some previous full-time or internship experience delivering software in a commercial environment.A passion for continuous improvement and innovation.An enthusiasm for learning from fellow engineers and team members.Excellent interpersonal and problem solving skills.A 4-Year undergraduate degree in Computer Science.Bonus Points For: Cloud computingMulti-threaded programmingDistributed computing experienceWeb development (e.g. Python, Django or Ruby on Rails)Chef, Puppet, Ansible and/or Ruby (JRuby)Startup experienceOur benefits don't stop with competitive salaries, 401K plans, comprehensive medical, dental, vision, and life/disability insurance or flexible PTO.To give everyone a stake in the business, we ensure everyone gets equity. Plus, there's the usual good stuff like Commuter & Gym reimbursements, Apple hardware, Free snacks, lunches, and beer. Have a well behaved, office friendly pooch? We heart dogs - so bring em' in!
 The Northrop Grumman Mission Systems, Software and Digital Technologies Group, is seeking Embedded Software Engineers to be involved in full life-cycle product development of Radio Frequency Electronic Warfare (RFEW), Infrared Counter Measures (IRCM) and Advanced Target & Surveillance (ATS) Systems. You will be involved in requirements analysis and system architecture, coding, design and verification using state of the art tools and techniques. MSRMMBasic Qualifications:Bachelor’s Degree OR Master's degree in CS, CE, ECE or comparable Engineering disciplineAbility to translate system performance and operational specifications into software requirements, design, and test specificationsKnowledge in programming embedded software using: C and Object Oriented CKnowledge in operating system concepts for embedded systemsAbility to test, debug and integrate on embedded systemsKnowledge in using requirement management, configuration management and change management tools.US Citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Security Clearance.Preferred Qualifications:Experience programming embedded software such as: C and C .Experience programming application software such as: C#, .Net, Java.Experience with scripting languages such as: Python, Javascript, Perl, Unix/DOS shell scripts.Experience on complex systems of systems utilizing parallel processing, distributed processing, multi-core, secure processing, Big Data, GP-GPU.Experience using RTOS such as: VxWorks, INTEGRITY, PSOS and/or Embedded LinuxExperience with CMMI Level 3, 4 and/or 5Experience in using MATLAB and SimulinkExperience with tools such as: DOORS, ClearCase, ClearQuest and RhapsodyExperience using Model Based Engineering, UML, SysML, OOAD and OOPExperience with interfaces such as: 1553, Ethernet, Fiber, USB, Serial and/or PCI-E.Experience with Agile and/or Rapid prototyping software methodologiesDifferentiating characteristics included: demonstrated leadership and teamwork capability, interpersonal communication skills and activities (professional/community/extracurricular) and an enthusiastic go getter attitudeUS citizen with active Secret or Top-secret clearance Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
Requisition Number  44505BR Title  Lead, Software Development - MDM Business  US - Global IT State / Country / Province  Connecticut City  New Britain No. of Positions  1Job DescriptionAbout the Company Since 1843, we’ve set the standard for excellence in everything we do. No company on earth has a stronger or more compelling history of delivering the hardworking, innovative, powerful tools that help professionals around the world build, repair, and protect the world’s most valuable things.  No matter where you live, what car you drive, what stores you shop at, or what building you work in, you can bet that we had a hand in making it work. And you can guarantee that we’ll keep making it work. Position Summary As an MDM (Master Data Management) Lead Software Development Analyst with Stanley Black and Decker, you will have the opportunity to work on exciting projects. You will be responsible for conducting workshops and work sessions with stakeholders, mapping uses and business processes, gathering and documenting business and technical requirements, assessing technical constraints and considerations, and creating functional design. In this role you will also work closely with our business clients and must demonstrate functional and technical knowledge to ensure that the work products and deliverables are of the highest caliber. Your ability to communicate with stakeholders and effectively present solutions will be crucial to ensuring the success of our client engagements. In-depth knowledge of the tools, processes and methodologies for all phases of the SDLC is required. Principal Accountabilities Coordinate MDM (Master Data Management) projects and participate as MDM subject matter expert on corporate projects.  Collaborate with IT Staff, Systems Analysts, and business subject matter experts, to support the MDM environment.  Monitor the MDM environment for issues and resolve as needed.  Design test plans, execute test scenarios, validate test data, and document test results  Capable of translating customer and internal specifications for enhancements to the MDM application  Experienced working knowledge of ETL application functions and processes  Responsible for preparing design/technical/functional specification documentation.  Designs, configures/codes, tests, debugs and documents software/solution according to SBD-IT systems standards, policies and procedures.  Prepares test data for unit, development integration and performance testing.  Resolves customer issues with software solutions and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements.  Interacts with business users and I/T to define current and future application requirements. Required Skills & Experience, Knowledge: Excellent working knowledge of the IBM MDM Applications (Collaborative Edition is a plus)  Proficient in Java/J2EE, SQL Webservices, XML)  Solid working knowledge of ETL applications (e.g. IBM Infoshere DataStage)  Demonstrated experience with Data Profiling, Data Cleansing  Excellent working knowledge of Data Cleaning Applications (IBM InfoStage DataStage - Quality Stage designer is a plus)  Strong knowledge of SAP ERP Systems and data structures (e.g. customer, vendor, product)  Strong project management experience leading / executing projects  Serves as a technical authority within the organization and with customers. Problem Solving: Exercises discretion and independent judgment in execution of duties  Applies analytical and interpretation skills to problems of diverse scope.  Develops solutions to a variety of problems of moderate complexity.  Screens, evaluates, reconciles, reports and resolves data integrity issues.  Recognizes and acts on inconsistencies in data or results and escalates problems.  Works on assignments where considerable judgment and initiative are required in resolving problems and making choices, decisions or recommendations  Develops complex solutions to business problems or customer engagements through in-depth analysis, coordination and negotiation with key decision makers.  a) Uses experience, innovation and judgment to make decisions that may be based on partial information.  b) Considers Stanley Black & Decker-wide implications of decisions and recommendations.  Adapts and integrates own experience with Stanley Black & Decker-wide strategy.  a) Analyzes and forecasts business and market trends.  Develops innovative solutions to problems without precedent.  a) Invents new products and processes to achieve strategic business objectives.  Decisions are strategic in nature, have long-term consequence, and tend to relate to business strategy, financial performance and effective resource utilization. Guidance: Works well under general direction.  Work is guided by objectives of the area or assignment.  Refers to established policies, procedures and precedents as needed.  May set project timeframes and priorities based on project objectives and ongoing assignments.  Assumes responsibility to improve service, efficiency and quality of work.  Actively participates on small, medium and large project teams as the focal MDM expert in support of MDM related project deliverables.  Initiates new or revised departmental procedures, programs and initiatives.  Assesses and determines priorities within area of expertise.  Structures and implements changes within the context of established strategy.  a) Plans implementation of major change efforts.  Leads large scale, global programs that contribute to the corporation’s success. Relationships: Possesses the ability, and is comfortable to effectively communicate to all levels of management.  Coordinates MDM activities for on and offshore outsourcing partners.  Contributes to team by ensuring quality of output and providing training as necessary  Contributes to the completion of milestones associated with specific projects or activities within own area.  Establishes working relationships with others outside area of expertise.  Applies knowledge and understanding of functional, IT and business process to successfully coordinate and implement solutions.  Ability to work on/with cross-functional teams Experience: 8-10 years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience Additional Skills: Possesses and applies a comprehensive knowledge of applications programming and analysis and the impact of the solutions on the business and IT functions.  Applies knowledge to analyze and develop solutions to complex problems.  Competent to work in all phases of applications programming.  Possesses and applies an advanced level of understanding of the principles of applications programming.  Demonstrated ability to lead large projects or offer complex programming solutions.  Develops and maintains a thorough knowledge of key business processes, current and future requirements and key success factors.  Ability to effectively communicate business issues and needs at a leadership level and how technology supports those requirements. Education Undergraduate degree in Computer Sciences or a related field and 8-10 years relevant experience, or  Graduate degree and 6-8 years of relevant experience. EEO Statement All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age, disability or any other characteristic protected by law
Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field cant be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. Youll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers lives. Well help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, youll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And youll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description  The Role  Allstate is looking for a senior software engineer to lead Agile XP development teams in building digital products to support the Allstate Roadside Services strategy. You and your team will develop code all day, every day, on a full stack cloud platform using pivotal cloud foundry, leveraging test-driven development and continuous integration/delivery. You will work in a highly structured, paired programming environment and partner with Product Managers within Allstate Roadside Services to translate our product strategy into highly functional, modular, and high-performance code. This is a tremendous opportunity to lead the creation of next-generation technologies, capabilities, and products to set us apart from the competition.  Don’t miss this opportunity to join a team where your innovative thinking and technology skills can help build digital products that will fundamentally change safety on the roadways and the way people interact with their cars.  Job Description  About You You love to code and you’re willing to fail fast and iterate to successYou’re ready to judge your success by the success of the team and happiness of the customerYou play well with others and have well developed communications skills. This is a paired programming environment so you have to be ready to be part of a teamYou have experience with Test Driven Development (TDD) and agile methodologiesYou are proficient in several programming languages. You will be pairing with developers and need to be able to understand code well enough to ask/answer good questionsYou are able to facilitate diverse teams, multi-task, and work under pressure to meet aggressive schedule targets  Job Qualifications  Job QualificationsAt least 8 years of software development experience (core language: Java) in an Agile environment, preferably using Test Driven Development (TDD)JavaScript frameworks such as React.Js, Angular and Node.jsFront end experience (HTML5, CSS3, Less…) developing responsive designed applicationsExperience with enterprise level, high-availability application development requiredExperience in developing clean, well architected codeExperience with Spring Boot FrameworksExperience mentoring developers and leading teamsContinuous integration and deployment such as Jenkins, Concourse CI and/or GradleSource Control Management (preferably Git/GitHub)Excellent verbal and written communication skills Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary but thats just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, youll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy.  Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for thisposition. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please see the notice regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.  For jobs in Los Angeles, please seethe notice regarding the Los Angeles Ordinance.  It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.  ABC
Inland Business Systems, a Xerox Company prides itself as an industry leader in digital technology matched with a go-to-market strategy like no other. We are looking to expand our team with a B2B competitive field sales representative to develop sales strategies and attract new clients.  This successful new member will source new opportunities and close existing sales to achieve quota. Our successful candidate will play a key role in increasing their income and revenue targets by managing and negotiating with clients, generating leads, qualifying prospects and managing sales of our solutions and services. As an outside sales representative, they will demonstrate Challenger selling skills in supporting their efforts.  We are a highly recognized, innovative consulting firm specializing in partnering with organizations to provide cutting edge solutions that streamline workflow and dramatically impact our customer's business. At IBS you will learn what it means to be part of a winning team with a strong community presence. What we provide:A Strong Base Salary and Uncapped Commission with a protected territoryPresidents Club and Presidents Trip for Top PerformersProfessional Sales Training- Our sales staff and Sales Trainer will help guide you to success.A Book of Business- We truly want you to succeed, we put in a territory with existing customersVehicle Reimbursement- We'll help put gas in your tank and a cushion for routine maintenance.Room for Advancement-We respect your long term goals and want to help you achieve them.Full Benefit Package- Medical, Dental, Vision, RX, Flexible Spending, Life, AD&D, LTD, 401(k) w/match, travel assist, paid holidaysPositive Company Culture- Quality people make quality companies. We want you to contribute to our outstanding work environment here at Inland Business Systems.Job Duties and Responsibilities:Identifies business opportunities by identifying prospects and evaluating their position in the industry; researching and analyzing sales options.Sells our portfolio of products and services by establishing contact and developing relationships with prospects; tailoring our industry messaging following our Challenger model.Maintains relationships with clients by providing support, information and guidance (QBR's); researching and recommending new opportunities that demonstrating customer development (deeper and wider)Customizes messaging tailored to industry trends, market activities and competition; executing skillset learned during new hire training.Strong learning curve for IBS/Xerox go-to-market sales process.Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; benchmarking go-to-market practices; participating in professional societies.Contributes to team effort holding company values, profits and direction.Qualifications:Must be driven with proven examples of initiative; and have the ability to excel in a fast-paced, competitive sales environment.Strong presentation and delivery skills coupled with sales cycle layers of awarenessStrong relationship management skills with customers and personnel navigation within the organization required.Proven experience as a sales executive or relevant role.Aptitude in delivering attractive presentations.Strong negotiation skills required.Strong organizational skills.Ability to meet sales quotas and deadlines, and use good judgment in performing conflicting demands and managing priorities.Strong initiative with ability to seek out relevant information prior to making timely decisions.Computer literacy and familiarity with the internet required.Ability to work evening and weekend hours during peak periods.Must have strong ethics and work as an effective, collaborative team member.Valid driver's license and minimum level of auto insurance coverage required.Must be able to pass a background check and drug screen.High school diploma or equivalent required.BA/BS preferred.Come join our team!Inland Business Systems, a Xerox CompanyWe are an Equal Opportunity Employer Sales Representative Outside Sales B2B Business to Business Tele-Sales Cold Calling
Stratus – Uptime Made Simple People count on Stratus when their important computer applications need to be up and running all the time. Stratus is the proven provider of simple to manage uptime solutions that help to protect lives, money and reputations. Long-time customers include credit-card and ATM networks, hospitals, manufacturing and utilities companies, securities and brokerage firms, 9-1-1 emergency call centers and similar mission-critical operations where the potential harm from service failure is very high. Job Summary: The senior Linux development engineer will lead the effort to strengthen the security of Stratus’ Linux/KVM based everRun high availability solution. Tasks include defining and leading the enablement of SELinux on the Stratus everRun platform, leading Stratus’ secure boot implementation, architecting a firewall implementation for a next generation product, and leading security related best practices related to the user roles of Stratus management software and applications.  The successful candidates will join a dynamic, cross-functional 10-persom Linux development team in Maynard, Massachusetts responsible for new product development. Working closely with the team, typical tasks will include: Linux kernel and user level software design, development, and debug with an emphasis on security technologies.High level articulation of security related technologies for management and marketing.Working with other teams to define new features and design the needed interfaces to support those new features.Willingness to learn new skills to do whatever it takes to help the team successfully deliver value to our customers.Qualifications:Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or its equivalent.Experience with security technologies such as SELinux, TLS, PKI, TPM5+Years of Software Development ExperienceStrong Linux or Unix kernel and user space development background with experience in C and one or more of the following languages: C++, Perl, Python, or Java.Desired Experience:Experience using Open Source software to improve efficiency on the job.Good communication skills, comfortable working in a team orientated environment.Eagerness to track new technologies and think outside the box on how to improve the value Stratus delivers to its users.For more information, check out www.stratus.com  Stratus Technologies is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer; we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/AA/M/F/D/V
 Hopper is a mobile-only company that uses big data to predict and analyze airfare and accommodations. The app provides travelers with the information they need to get the best deals on flights and hotels, and notifies them when prices are at their predicted lowest points.  Since launching in 2015, Hopper has become one of the fastest growing travel apps ever with over 20 million installs. It is the #1 travel app in over 37 countries and ranks as one of the top 10 travel apps in over 95 countries. Our users have watched 45 million trips since launch and are booking $1.5 million worth of travel through the app each day. Hopper has received accolades such as Apple’s App Store Best of 2015, the Google Play Award for Standout Startup of 2016, and the Webby Award for Best Travel app.  Hopper was founded in 2007 and has $104 million CAD in funding to date from Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (CDPQ), Accomplice, Brightspark, OMERS, BDC IT Venture Fund, and Investissement Québec.  As a Software Engineer – Mobile you'll be part of a growing team of Engineers and Product Designers with big ambitions: delivering a delightful and powerful product that empowers travelers. We’re always looking for driven, versatile, autonomous yet collaborative engineers to help us build great things. You'll work with a team that's built award-winning native apps for iOS and Android. You'll leverage RxJava and ReactiveSwift to write immutable and type-safe code and make a direct impact by working side-by-side with product designers to prototype and develop new features. Requirements We're looking for engineers of diverse backgrounds, from recent graduates to engineers with years of experience building consumer apps. Our fundamental requirements are a drive to learn and a shared engineering philosophy: Design and write beautiful code: simple, testable, efficient and maintainableLearn new languages, technologies and frameworks from one project to the nextCollaborate with others to solve tough technical and product problemsBenefitsCompensation will be competitive including equity in a growth-stage startup backed by top-tier VCs  All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
CloudHealth Technologies is looking for engineers to join our amazing team as we scale the business and work on a wide variety of exciting and challenging projects. About You: You have an analytical mind, an independent spirit, passion for the craft of software engineering, and the ability to execute in an agile environment. You’re capable of designing, developing and supporting a complex and fast­ growing cloud based SaaS application independently, but you also value partnering with a strong collaborative team.You Will:Develop and ship software supporting a highly available, fault tolerant SaaS application.Deliver high quality software in a collaborative, dynamic, team-focused agile environment.Produce quality, well-tested, and well-documented code.Collaborate with like-minded team members to identify and solve complex problems.Develop scalable solutions using distributed computing techniques.Be a champion of transparency and informal knowledge sharing across the team.Contribute to relevant open source projects to support the open source community.You Have: Some previous full-time or internship experience delivering software in a commercial environment.A passion for continuous improvement and innovation.An enthusiasm for learning from fellow engineers and team members.Excellent interpersonal and problem solving skills.A 4-Year undergraduate degree in Computer Science.Bonus Points For: Cloud computingMulti-threaded programmingDistributed computing experienceWeb development (e.g. Python, Django or Ruby on Rails)Chef, Puppet, Ansible and/or Ruby (JRuby)Startup experienceOur benefits don't stop with competitive salaries, 401K plans, comprehensive medical, dental, vision, and life/disability insurance or flexible PTO.To give everyone a stake in the business, we ensure everyone gets equity. Plus, there's the usual good stuff like Commuter & Gym reimbursements, Apple hardware, Free snacks, lunches, and beer. Have a well behaved, office friendly pooch? We heart dogs - so bring em' in!
 About O'Reilly Media  O’Reilly’s mission is “changing the world by sharing the knowledge of innovators.” For over 30 years, we’ve been helping people learn new skills, track significant new technologies, and build careers in technology and business. This extends to our employees: we have a long and proud history of encouraging and enabling the people who work here to take advantage of O’Reilly’s resources and network to keep learning, take on new challenges, and build careers.  About Your team:  Platform Engineering supports O’Reilly Media’s premier training service, which is used by technologists, managers, and designers around the world to hone their skills and improve their craft. We are made of many small teams that are broadly distributed across the US, featuring tightly collaborative groups of developers, designers, and product managers constantly encouraging each other to deliver work that instills pride and fulfillment.  Our main stack is Python/Django/React supported with PostgreSQL and Lucene/Solr. Our developers are organized into a network of small teams with embedded product managers, designers, and front-end specialists focused on specific functional areas. We believe deeply in automated testing, code review, and iterative improvement. We are in the midst of a transition from a monolithic web application to a microservices ecosystem, and welcome individuals who’ve made that journey before or are interested in starting it with us.  We happily support a variety of employees who are able to come into our offices in Boston, MA but we cannot offer fulltime employment to others who live and operate outside of the United States.  About the Job:  Our full stack engineers are focused on building a diverse family of scalable and robust services, aimed at a variety of educational audiences. Software engineers work in two week sprints focused on new features designed collaboratively with product managers and other teammates. They exchange code reviews with senior engineers, provide mentorship to support engineers, and assist QA and Ops with troubleshooting product issues.  About You:  We are interested in people who have experience building and supporting web applications with a diverse and engaged user base. We desire candidates who work comfortably in an agile environment and with collaborators who are distributed across multiple timezones. We value colleagues who are helpful, respectful, and always willing to do what’s best for our users. We desire developers who treat automated tests as essential, and believe code reviews are a crucial path of learning and helping. The women and men of our platform team have taken many traditional and nontraditional paths to the developer profession, and we welcome diverse teams that are bound together by a mutual love of learning.  Minimum Requirements: 2 years of experience full stack web application developmentDemonstrated competency with Python and JavascriptA passion for test-driven developmentFamiliarity with microservice architecture and building or maintaining APIsFamiliarity with continuous intergration tools and a rapid release cycleBonus Points for:Experience with Django and/or ReactExperience with the Go languageExperience with Ruby on RailsExperience building microservicesExperience deploying microservices with Docker and KubernetesExperience with SCRUM
ABOUT USWe are a group of over 500 dedicated employees, committed to our mission of providing accessible, quality health care that is guided by local innovation. We feel that our work is bigger than ourselves. We leave work each day knowing that we made a difference in the community around us.  Join us at Central California Alliance for Health (the Alliance), where you will be part of a culture that is respectful, diverse, professional and fun, and where you are empowered to do your best work. As a regional non-profit health plan, we serve over 350,000 members in Santa Cruz, Monterey and Merced counties. To learn more about us, click here or check out this video.WHAT YOU'LL BE RESPONSIBLE FORCreating and maintaining enterprise data warehouse (EDW) and databases in an Agile environment that support the needs of our reporting systems. You will plan, schedule and coordinate the design, development, testing, implementation and documentation of the EDW and ETL applications. You will use tools like PL/SQL and T-SQL as well as other third-party tools. You will participate in sprint planning and estimation through collaboration with business systems analysts, product owners and other stakeholders. WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFULKnowledge of:Structured Query Language (SQL)Dimensional Modeling and Data Warehouse DesignOracle or Microsoft SQL Server DatabaseSSISAgile methodologiesAbility to:Understand and document business users requirementsGather and analyze complex data and information, troubleshoot issues, and develop practical and effective solutionsEffectively communicate with vendors and software support staff regarding systems specific issuesProvide technical guidance to other programming and systems staffEducation and Experience:Bachelor's degree in Management Information Systems or Computer ScienceFour years of enterprise data warehouse experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience which would provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities may be qualifyingTo read the full position description, and list of requirements click here.OUR BENEFITSMedical, Dental and Vision PlansAmple Paid Time Off11 Paid Holidays per year401(a) Retirement Plan457 Deferred Compensation PlanRobust Health and Wellness ProgramFresh Fruit DeliveryEV Charging StationsAnd many moreApplicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.
 Nexient is the largest domestic IT services provider, with core strength in Agile software development and transformation at scale. With four delivery centers in the US, we architect and build solutions that combine Agile expertise with Silicon Valley innovation to help our clients be more responsive to their market.  Software technology is accelerating the pace of change across all industries. At Nexient, we always look to the future. Ambitious and forward-leaning, we challenge ourselves, the status quo and our clients. In an IT consulting industry characterized by large, lumbering giants or low-cost, low-efficiency offshore shops, we embrace Agile thinking, speed-to-market and price performance to continuously deliver software.Role and Responsibilities Create software code, unit tests and assist with encoding, testing, debugging, and documentationUnderstand client requirements and prepare designs for translating those into software applicationsUses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionalityPerform installation of code releases and patches and write scripts or programs for IT applications Experience & Skills · 8+ years of software design and development experience with core Java and J2EE  · Developing Java web applications  · Experience in Spring , Hibernate, SOAP / REST Web Services  · Object Oriented Programming and Service Oriented Architecture design  · Experience with Spring, Hibernate and RESTful WebServices  · Strong Core Java & J2EE  · Any experience with Mobile application development – iOS/Android will be preferred  · Experience with JavaScript – Node.js, Angular  · At least five years of relevant application software development experience  · Experience with large-scale distributed systems and client-server architectures  · Developing Spring/Java/Maven applications  · Strong social and communication skills  · Strong unit-testing skills (JUnit in particular)  · Object-oriented programming and experience with Design Patterns  · Experience with functional testing frameworks
About the Opportunity: The Software Services Consultant (SSC) will execute on service processes in support of our company’s EDGE solution rollout plan. This role will provide provisioning and work flow development and system configuration support in aid of our clients’ digital marketing plan.  The SSC will be responsible for supporting the rollout of our EDGE SaaS solution. In this role, the SSP will help develop processes to support the delivery of the SaaS solution, build marketing templates for clients, design workflow management processes, develop training materials and partake in the rollout of the solution to our clients. About the Responsibilities:Ability to quickly master business processes, marketing and technology conceptsAbility to quickly learn a software productAbility to multi-task and handle multiple competing prioritiesDemonstrated expertise in customer relationship managementAbility to communicate and work together with staff within this and other departments to solve problemsStrong verbal and written communication skillsGood analytical and systematic problem solving skillsTroubleshoot technical issues related to software workflows and configurationsExperience with basic html scriptingExperience supporting a SaaS based software productIncorporate constantly evolving technologies and processes into the client solution delivery processKey Competencies:OrganizationAble to manage time and prioritize multiple tasks in a fast-paced environmentOrganize tasks, deliverables and meet commitments on timeAnalytical ThinkingCapable of interpreting data and making recommendations to prove performanceQuickly identify the symptoms and underlying cause of problemsBusiness Process and Technology AcumenCapable of quickly mastering business processesAbility to master technology solutionsAbout You:Bachelor’s Degree in General Business, Marketing, Advertising, Public Relations, Journalism or English2 years of experience in Marketing, Advertising, Public Relations, Sales, Customer Service or related fieldsAbout Reachlocal:Are you looking for a company that values innovation, passion, and a healthy work/life balance? A job where you feel supported and appreciated? At ReachLocal, we know our employees drive success, and we strive to create a thriving company culture where you’ll enjoy coming to work every day.  Here, you can walk through the halls and bump into our CEO, catch an inter-office ping pong tournament, or support a local cause with your fellow employees. Are you ready to join a company where you can have fun and work with some of brightest people in digital marketing?  Our mission is to help local businesses all over the world reach more local customers online. As a leader in powering online marketing for local businesses, ReachLocal has been recognized for outstanding products and exceptional employees, having won Google’s Quality Account Champion in North America and Google’s Innovation Champion Award in Canada. Our CEO, Sharon Rowlands, has won countless awards, most recently the Gold Stevie Award for Female Executive of the Year in the 13th Annual Stevie Awards for Women in Business.  ReachLocal is headquartered in Woodland Hills, CA, with over 60 locations throughout the United States, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Japan, Australia, and Brazil.  We invite you to learn more about us, connect with us, and grow with us here: Career Site: http://careers.reachlocal.comBlog: http://blog.reachlocal.com/LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/reachlocalTwitter: https://twitter.com/reachlocaljobsYoutube: https://www.youtube.com/user/reachlocalHear from our employees: http://blog.reachlocal.com/reachlocal-services-spotlight-meet-some-of-our-marketing-experts ReachLocal is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants for all job openings are welcome and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, or any other basis protected by state, federal or local law. It is the intent of the Company to comply with all applicable federal, state and local legislation concerning equal opportunity in employment.  This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of all activities, duties or responsibilities required of the employee.
JMA Wireless is the leading global innovator in mobile wireless connectivity solutions that assure infrastructure reliability, streamline service operations, and maximize wireless performance. Employing powerful, patented innovations their solutions portfolio is proven to lower the cost of operations while ensuring lifetime quality levels in equipment and unrivaled performance for coverage and high-speed mobile data. JMA Wireless solutions cover macro infrastructure, outdoor and indoor distributed antenna systems and small cell solutions. JMA Wireless corporate headquarters are located in Liverpool, NY, with manufacturing, R&D, and sales operations in over 20 locations worldwide.Position Overview:The Java Full Stack Web Developer will participate in all phases of the software development lifecycle. The person in this role will support development of management and operation services and user interfaces. The person in this position will also work with partners who may supply software components, collaborating with them as needed to specify and validate key functionalities. Finally, the person in this role may be involved in customizations of the software to interface with other back office systems.Position Responsibilities: - Contribute as a productive member of an agile development team- Analyze, design and implement business requirements- Design and implementation of data models- Integrating and testing with back end services and databases- Development and testing of software APIs- Development and testing of user interfaces- Profiling and optimizing system performanceMinimum Qualifications: - BS/MS degree in Computer Science or related field - 7+ years of experience in development with Java/J2EE software development and web technologies- Experience with Spring MVC, Spring Batch frameworks- Experience with defining and developing SOAP and REST web services- Experience with JPA and Hibernate frameworks- Experience in database integration using SQL- Experience with client-side user interface frameworks such as Angular (v2+) and Bootstrap- Experience with unit test frameworks including Junit, Jasmine, Karma, Mockito and PowerMock - Excellent communication skillsAdditional Experience and Knowledge a Plus:- Experience with Linux - Experience with Spring security- Experience with developing applications requiring internationalization and localization- Experience with Python- Experience with javascript frameworks/libraries like JQuery and ReactJS- Experience with Git, JIRA, Bitbucket, Confluence, Jenkins, Maven- Experience with virtualization technologies such as Virtual Box and VMware.- Experience developing web based interactive visualization tools and dashboards for the real-time data- Experience with graphs utilizing C3.js and D3.js
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 We are seeking a dedicated bug hunter a tier three engineer who will be tasked with finding and correcting problems and limitations within our flagship SaaS application, LeaseAccelerator. There may be occasional opportunities to do green field development, but this position is primarily software maintenance and entails modifying other people's code. This is perfect for a person who enjoys digging into code and working on tasks of all sizes and varying degrees of complexity. Job Responsibilities:Analyze code to find and correct problems and limitationsAddress priority bug reports from our portfolio of clientsComplete refactoring and code refinement based on guidance from static code analysisInteract professionally with colleagues and end users, both by e-mail and video-enabled web conferenceTactfully and diplomatically field questions you may consider inane from end usersBuy time for questions you cannot answer while you pursue internal resources who can assist you in answering the questionsParticipate in web conference calls (primarily through Zoom), Slack channels, and emails to communicate with colleagues from around North America and IndiaKey Qualifications:Tier three engineerKnowledge of Java, JavaScript, and Oracle PL/SQL running on WindowsThree years of relevant programming experience with at least one of the above languagesDemonstrated ability to learn new technologies quicklyProven ability to recognize and leverage established patternsExposure to leasing or financing- at least a basic understanding of accounting concepts, including operating expense, amortization, and depreciation.Experience with ERPs, including Oracle EBS or SAP, is a plusExperience with developing accounting or bookkeeping applications is a plusAbility to work with partial information, and good judgement on when to ask questions and when to run independentlyAbility to juggle multiple shifting priorities for a variety of tasks from small tweaks to major projects that could take weeksStrong written and verbal communication in English LeaseAccelerator is an environment in which you can learn, supported and mentored by an amazing team of engineers. This is primarily a telecommuting position, but preference will be given to candidates who are within reasonable driving distance of our Reston, Virginia headquarters.
What You Will Do: By the time you've reached the end of this paragraph, Red Ventures will have made countless API transactions, all thanks to the expertise of our Engineers. Instead of logging hours chained to a desk, our engineers have an active role in our business. As a Software Engineer on our team, you will build and maintain the RESTful services and build FullStack applications and will play a key role in the development of SaaS-based products, like our chat platform, web analytics suite, live streaming dashboards, and more. How We Work:Iterate - Red tape doesnt get in our way. We believe that "Speed Trumps Perfection" so we test and deploy daily.Autonomy Aspiring entrepreneurs succeed here because you will have full-ownership over your work from beginning to end.Collaborate Better than making the dream work, teamwork makes the code work. Through open work-space, Slack and peer reviews, our teams work together to build amazing solutions.Innovate With the belief that Everything is Written in Pencil, we encourage our teams to test new frameworks, learn new languages and challenge the status quo to make us better.What You Need:2+ years of recent server side experience in technologies such as C#, Golang, PHP, or NodeExperience in front-end technologies such as React, Angular and PolymerExperience with databases such as MySQL, MongoDB, DynamoDB, ect.Knowledge of unit-testing (TDD/BDD tool i.e. Jasmine, Mocha, Protractor)Understanding of how to build and consume REST APIsStrong OOP and software design skillsAbility to develop systems that meet architectural objectives including reusable, scalable codeAnalytical and detail oriented mindsSelf-motivated and creative problem-solversFans of collaborative codingA passion for learning new languages (Go,C#, AWS and more!)What You Will Get:Matching 401(k) PlanUntracked PTO and Flexible Working SchedulesAmazing medical, dental and vision coverageSubsidized meals at our onsite cafes, smoothie and coffee barsFitness Center, spin studio, basketball court, bowling alley, and yoga studioA casual dress codeWho We Are: Red Ventures is a leading digital, consumer-choice platform based in Charlotte, North Carolina. Through deeply integrated brand partnerships and consumer-facing assets, Red Ventures connects online customers with products and services across high-growth industries including home services, financial services, and healthcare. Founded in 2000, Red Ventures has more than 2,700 employees in offices across the Carolinas, Seattle, Washington, and Sao Paulo, Brazil. #CB
 Senior Software Development Engineer in Test Job Location  Cambridge, MA Req Number 2018-1010 Department  Business SystemsApply NowOverview: Foundation Medicine is a molecular information company focused on fundamentally changing the way in which patients with cancer are treated. Our products provide more than information. They offer hope to patients, their families and friends, their physicians and caregivers.  We've seen the difference that our technology can make in the lives of patients, but there is still enormous potential to help even more people. In our drive to help transform the way in which patients with cancer are treated, we strive to improve every life we touch through our dedication to innovation, our commitment to people, and our passion for performance.  Reporting to the Manager of Quality Engineering, you will be part of a team of Sr. SDETs, SDETs, functional testers and automation engineers driving the automation vision of the Quality Engineering department.  You will be working with test leads and scrum teams to continuously bridge gaps in automation, functional and testing infrastructure across teams and responsible for building processes to ensure high quality software releases. Responsible for construction of new framework and tools to help augment existing automation frameworks. Additionally, will be working closely with DevOps team to strategically include automated tests and testing infrastructure into DevOps pipeline. Activities will include working with the cloud team to maintain best practices, integrating continuous automated testing, the instantiation of automation scripts, and ensuring high quality software, and working with product teams to promote Quality Engineering principles. This function is of extreme importance in the community we serve as more efficient tools and a quicker turnaround time on results can drastically impact a patient’s treatment. We are looking for a highly motivated individual who will thrive working within a fast-paced, team-oriented atmosphere. Responsibilities:Contribute towards the future state of automation for Quality Engineering dept. by closely collaborating with the testing team, a team comprising of Sr. SDETs, SDETs, functional testers and automation engineers.Perform gap analysis of current state of automation frameworks, functional testing process and testing infrastructure across products and strategizing future state of automation framework with a roadmap.Evangelize, strategize, introduce and implement automation frameworks to support integration, web service and GUI testing across FMI product lines to be first class DevOps citizens.Writing automated tests and test harnesses application and services under test.Writing and reviewing test strategies, test plans and test cases based on the agile stories and/or product requirements.Interact and collaborate directly with software developers, product managers, and business analysts to ensure proper development and quality of FMI applications and products.Interact with SDETs, QA members and FMI technical leaders to understand systems and component specifications and recommend changes to facilitate efficient and effective testing.Evangelize software testing best practices and influence architecture and design decisions.Participate in efforts to share FMI testing technology and expertise within the company.Perform tasks efficiently and work together with team to ensure project success.Perform other duties as assigned.Qualifications:B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS, or equivalent preferred.5+ years of experience as a software developer or SDET.Strong Experience in Selenium web driver, Selenium Grid and Cucumber.Proficiency in, at least, one programming language C++, Java, JavaScript or Python.Strong Experience developing high quality automation frameworks.Strong Experience in BDD, TDD, Data driven and Hybrid automation frameworks.Strong Experience to programmatically test products; measure test coverage; develop best automation, profiling, and performance/load testing tools; and drive testability and diagnostic ability into the product.Strong experience working with SDLC frameworks like: SCRUM, Kanban, Agile.Experience with automation, web deployment and engineering environment tools such as Mocha, Jasmine, JIRA, Github/Gitlab, Jenkins.Experience in testing applications on Cloud infrastructure (Azure/AWS) a plus.Experience working in distributed SOA environments including REST services.Experience in querying complex schemas and relational databases.Experience working in a within a DevOps model and continuous delivery model.Experience working in a regulated environment (SOX, HIPAA, CLIA, FDA) a plus.
Diversity Statement Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information  U.S. Citizenship Required. QualificationsEducation and ExperienceBachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related discipline plus 5 to 7 years of directly related experience or a Masters degree and 3 years of experience. Educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for more than 10 years applicable work experience. Must have prior experience with one or more of TerraSim TerraTools, VBS2/VBS3, Presagis Terra Vista and its Plug-ins, ESRI GIS tools, Presagis Creator, Game engines, firsthand experience with terrain database output compilers, and terrain processing. Must have a firm understanding of the processes involved in full lifecycle software development. Must have experience in developing software in a team environment; Agile-scrum experience is desired.Experience with constructive, virtual or gaming simulation systems is desired.Knowledge, Skills, Abilities Thorough knowledge of coding with Java and/or C/C++ with strong Object Oriented (OO) developmentMicrosoft Visual Studio development environmentDiscipline to work in a CMMI Level III development environmentAbility to communicate highly complex software concepts effectively.Strong knowledge of the principles, practices, and procedures used in software and systems development.Must be US citizen; no dual citizenship allowed.Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a clearance; an active SECRET security clearance is preferred.Responsibilities/QualificationPlay a critical role in preparing today's and tomorrow's Warfighters! Alion is dedicated to helping the Warfighter be ready for challenges they will face on and off the battlefield. We support relevant, realistic training by tying real-world systems to virtual resources in synthetic environments. Join our team of professionals developing accurate representations of the real earth environment that enable Warfighters to train while they fight. At Alion, we are looking for individuals who want an exciting work environment. If you have the experience, skills and enthusiasm, we want people like you, and to develop your talents. Alion is one of the Washington Business Journal's Top 50 Technology Employers in the D.C. region and is one of the Best for Vets Employers per Military Times EDGE.Position SummaryResponsible for the analysis, design, implementation, unit testing, debugging, integration, maintenance, and documentation of highly complex software applications in support of distinct projects for the Army's Synthetic Environment (SE) Core program. The SE Core program provides the common infrastructure definition and the SE artifacts necessary to enable simulations to participate in the Live, Virtual and Constructive Integrated Training Environment (LVC ITE). Highly qualified candidates will have experience with SE Core and/or SE Core confederate programs, SE runtime formats, and geospatial application experience.Duties and ResponsibilitiesDesigns software, develops executable code, performs unit testing, and integrates software components to meet system requirements for the generation of constructive and virtual geospatial database products in support of large scale simulation efforts. Implements cybersecurity into the design and development of all code as required.Performs as a leading member of an Agile-scrum development team. May also perform as a Scrum Master on specific efforts.
The Systems Software Engineer is an experienced software engineer and an experienced game maker who combines a drive to solve problems with a love of making games. The Systems Software Engineer will work closely with the CTO and other Senior team members to design and implement software systems.This person has a demonstrated capability to work in cross-functional teams with staff of all other departments and disciplines, including Audio, Art, Design, Production, and UI. The Systems Software Engineer demonstrates empathy for other team members as well as the player in all interactions.The Systems Software Engineer participates in building and reinforcing the team culture by demonstrating excellence in Software Engineering and a dedication to collaboration in building great games.Your Mission:Assist the engineering staff in the development and maintenance of a AAA gameDesign and develop the core systems that either provide new functionality and improve the efficiency of the code baseUnder the direction of senior staff, participate in researching areas of improvement and possible new featuresAnalyze game and engine performance using PIX, Razor, Very Sleepy, or other tools, and implement optimizationsCreate and maintain documentation to describe system architecture and implementationProactively identify problems and identify opportunities for improvement, and propose solutions to team leadershipDemonstrate a working knowledge in one or more areas of game engineering, including:User Interface implementationAsset pipeline improvementsConcurrency, threading models and reduction of latencyGame entity management and updatesMemory management and asset content streamingNetworking, replication, online systems programming, and bandwidth optimizationAI systems and enemy behavior implementationSIMD and other low-level optimizationsSkeletal animation and skinning systemsPlayer Profile:BS or MS degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience3+ Years C/C++ Programming, with a demonstrated proficiency in core data structures and algorithms. Experience with C#, JavaScript, or other languages is a plus3+ Years’ experience in the games industry, with at least 1 Shipped TitleStrong 3D math and linear algebra skillsExperience building networked multiplayer with a client-server architecture games is a plusPassion for video games and for delivering excellence in the craftDemonstrated command of English language in written and verbal forms
 Delta Air Lines, Inc, seeks a Senior API Developer with REST Web Services.  The Senior API Developer will participate in the design, development and testing of REST API's using Java to develop and support various APIs supporting Ancillary, Shopping and Booking domains, in an Agile environment.  You will also support the API's after they are developed and deployed in to production. WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FOR? / WHAT EXPERIENCE DO YOU NEED?Bachelors Degree, a Masters degree is preferred5+ years of software and development experience in Java/J2EE in an Agile environment.3-5+ years of strong development experience producing REST API's.Strong object orientated analysis and design concepts is required.Understanding of Object modeling and deciphering custom and vendor supplied schemas.Experience working in a fast paced environment with Scrum/Agile project methodology is required.Experience with enterprise java applications and development frameworksParticipation in the design, development, testing, deploying server and UI Screens using Java/J2EEMust have strong knowledge of API lifecycle management platforms.Role would also involve supporting the APIs developed after they are deployed in production.Experience with frameworks for documenting/designing APIs (like Swagger) preferred.Knowledge of standard tools for optimizing & testing codeRecent experience leading projects on Spring a plusExperience with business rule languages/technology is a plusExperience building API's for both external and internal consumption is a mustThe candidate would need to have a strong passion for learning new technologies and keep pace with rapidly evolving development paradigms is a must.The candidate would be expected to meet challenging deadlines and thrive in a team setting.WHAT ELSE?Previous experience with application system support is a plus.Airline industry experience is a plus. Delta Air Lines, Inc., develops both strategic and tactical plans that create a safety-conscious environment resulting in employee safety and well-being.
Requisition Number  44505BR Title  Lead, Software Development - MDM Business  US - Global IT State / Country / Province  Connecticut City  New Britain No. of Positions  1Job DescriptionAbout the Company Since 1843, we’ve set the standard for excellence in everything we do. No company on earth has a stronger or more compelling history of delivering the hardworking, innovative, powerful tools that help professionals around the world build, repair, and protect the world’s most valuable things.  No matter where you live, what car you drive, what stores you shop at, or what building you work in, you can bet that we had a hand in making it work. And you can guarantee that we’ll keep making it work. Position Summary As an MDM (Master Data Management) Lead Software Development Analyst with Stanley Black and Decker, you will have the opportunity to work on exciting projects. You will be responsible for conducting workshops and work sessions with stakeholders, mapping uses and business processes, gathering and documenting business and technical requirements, assessing technical constraints and considerations, and creating functional design. In this role you will also work closely with our business clients and must demonstrate functional and technical knowledge to ensure that the work products and deliverables are of the highest caliber. Your ability to communicate with stakeholders and effectively present solutions will be crucial to ensuring the success of our client engagements. In-depth knowledge of the tools, processes and methodologies for all phases of the SDLC is required. Principal Accountabilities Coordinate MDM (Master Data Management) projects and participate as MDM subject matter expert on corporate projects.  Collaborate with IT Staff, Systems Analysts, and business subject matter experts, to support the MDM environment.  Monitor the MDM environment for issues and resolve as needed.  Design test plans, execute test scenarios, validate test data, and document test results  Capable of translating customer and internal specifications for enhancements to the MDM application  Experienced working knowledge of ETL application functions and processes  Responsible for preparing design/technical/functional specification documentation.  Designs, configures/codes, tests, debugs and documents software/solution according to SBD-IT systems standards, policies and procedures.  Prepares test data for unit, development integration and performance testing.  Resolves customer issues with software solutions and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements.  Interacts with business users and I/T to define current and future application requirements. Required Skills & Experience, Knowledge: Excellent working knowledge of the IBM MDM Applications (Collaborative Edition is a plus)  Proficient in Java/J2EE, SQL Webservices, XML)  Solid working knowledge of ETL applications (e.g. IBM Infoshere DataStage)  Demonstrated experience with Data Profiling, Data Cleansing  Excellent working knowledge of Data Cleaning Applications (IBM InfoStage DataStage - Quality Stage designer is a plus)  Strong knowledge of SAP ERP Systems and data structures (e.g. customer, vendor, product)  Strong project management experience leading / executing projects  Serves as a technical authority within the organization and with customers. Problem Solving: Exercises discretion and independent judgment in execution of duties  Applies analytical and interpretation skills to problems of diverse scope.  Develops solutions to a variety of problems of moderate complexity.  Screens, evaluates, reconciles, reports and resolves data integrity issues.  Recognizes and acts on inconsistencies in data or results and escalates problems.  Works on assignments where considerable judgment and initiative are required in resolving problems and making choices, decisions or recommendations  Develops complex solutions to business problems or customer engagements through in-depth analysis, coordination and negotiation with key decision makers.  a) Uses experience, innovation and judgment to make decisions that may be based on partial information.  b) Considers Stanley Black & Decker-wide implications of decisions and recommendations.  Adapts and integrates own experience with Stanley Black & Decker-wide strategy.  a) Analyzes and forecasts business and market trends.  Develops innovative solutions to problems without precedent.  a) Invents new products and processes to achieve strategic business objectives.  Decisions are strategic in nature, have long-term consequence, and tend to relate to business strategy, financial performance and effective resource utilization. Guidance: Works well under general direction.  Work is guided by objectives of the area or assignment.  Refers to established policies, procedures and precedents as needed.  May set project timeframes and priorities based on project objectives and ongoing assignments.  Assumes responsibility to improve service, efficiency and quality of work.  Actively participates on small, medium and large project teams as the focal MDM expert in support of MDM related project deliverables.  Initiates new or revised departmental procedures, programs and initiatives.  Assesses and determines priorities within area of expertise.  Structures and implements changes within the context of established strategy.  a) Plans implementation of major change efforts.  Leads large scale, global programs that contribute to the corporation’s success. Relationships: Possesses the ability, and is comfortable to effectively communicate to all levels of management.  Coordinates MDM activities for on and offshore outsourcing partners.  Contributes to team by ensuring quality of output and providing training as necessary  Contributes to the completion of milestones associated with specific projects or activities within own area.  Establishes working relationships with others outside area of expertise.  Applies knowledge and understanding of functional, IT and business process to successfully coordinate and implement solutions.  Ability to work on/with cross-functional teams Experience: 8-10 years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience Additional Skills: Possesses and applies a comprehensive knowledge of applications programming and analysis and the impact of the solutions on the business and IT functions.  Applies knowledge to analyze and develop solutions to complex problems.  Competent to work in all phases of applications programming.  Possesses and applies an advanced level of understanding of the principles of applications programming.  Demonstrated ability to lead large projects or offer complex programming solutions.  Develops and maintains a thorough knowledge of key business processes, current and future requirements and key success factors.  Ability to effectively communicate business issues and needs at a leadership level and how technology supports those requirements. Education Undergraduate degree in Computer Sciences or a related field and 8-10 years relevant experience, or  Graduate degree and 6-8 years of relevant experience. EEO Statement All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age, disability or any other characteristic protected by law
 Req Ref No: RPGAS041  Location: Alpharetta, GA  Duration: 12 Months  Description  Description  PURPOSE: Working in a matrix team, perform and implement a client facing solution tailored to meet client requirements, validation of solution as built, and beta support implementations which may require research and analysis. RESPONSIBILITIES:Perform product UI/software functional design, system analysis, and configuration/programming activities per client requirements.Assist with design and implementation of clients on a multi-platform product solution in both a hosted UI and API model.Prepare technical documentation of how client was implemented.4. Conduct the unit & integration testing with the client for functionality and limits.REQUIREMENTS: Education Required Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or equivalent.Experience Required* Less than two years experience in software development.Skills and Knowledge Required* Specialized technical knowledge in software configuration methodologies (SQL Database, HTML CSS, API/webservices), design and implementation. * General analytical and design skills at single product/single environment level. * General skills in research, project planning and implementation. * General understanding of entire development process, including specification, documentation and quality assurance. * General awareness of business issues as they impact overall project plans. * Good communication and interpersonal skills. * Good PC skills. * PCs and various software applications. *. Working Conditions* General office environment* Stressful situations may occur occasionally * No special physical requirement* Occasional travel required (less than 10%) Qualification Rating  Must Have  IT-Internet Development and Administration HTML * MS - .Net XML IT-Programming Languages and Application Development C# MS - SQL Server *  Nice to Have  IT-Internet Development and Administration  Web - Architecture  Web - Design/Development  Web - Programming  VIVA is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants have an equal opportunity for placement, and all employees have an equal opportunity to develop on the job. This means that VIVA will not discriminate against any employee or qualified applicant on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.  Apply!

Duties: Software deployment and systems architectRequirements:Experience5 years career experience2-3 years of experience managing development - team preferredEducationBachelor’s of Computer ScienceSkillsMust be self-motivated and self-directedMust be able to perform all duties of the job including research, design, software implementation, team management, and systems deployment without assistance from supervisors.Must be able to understand the big picture as well as the details related to applicationsExpert in enterprise systems deployment, and management, as well as common industry and professional practices regarding enterprise systemsMust be able to communicate well with both developers and management, and take a leadership role in the engineering organizationMust be able to write effective documentation for both end users and managementTechnologiesJavascript, PHP, HTMLNetwork architectures and managementTCP, HTTPDatabase systems, SQLWindows / Linux OS internalsVirtualized cloud environmentsEnterprise systems deployment and management processes and toolsSystems security requirements, processes, and practicesAutomated software testing tools and practices
WearenowseekingSeniorSystemSoftwareEngineers for Autonomous Vehicles: NVIDIA is hiring System Software Engineers for its Self-Driving Car teams. As a Senior Engineer on our team, you will be responsible for developing and maintaining system software and infrastructure tools for platforms and products to build Autonomous Vehicles. You need strong communication, organizational, and analytical skills. Experience with GPU technology, image processing, computer vision, and multimedia are highly valued. Familiarity with deep learning is desired. What you’ll be doing:Craft and maintain system software for Autonomous Vehicle productsDesign and sustain system tools for product development and product verificationDevelop real-time data processing functions for high-end autonomous vehicle compute platformsPerformance optimizationWhat we need to see:You have a BS or MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or closely related field with 4 years of relevant work or lab experienceStrong programming ability in C, C++, and PythonGood experience developing user mode system sw and drivers for HW acceleratorsFamiliarity with source control (git, Perforce, etc.) Ways to stand out from the crowd: Experience working on GPU technology, imaging, camera, and multimediaFamiliarity with AI, Deep Learning and/or Computer Vision.Knowledge of real-time data processing, networking and communicationExperience developing server based tools for image processing Academic and commercial groups around the world are powering a revolution in artificial intelligence using deep learning techniques running on NVIDIA GPUs, enabling breakthroughs in problems from image classification to speech recognition to natural language processing.  Intelligent machines powered by AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car using AI can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an extraordinary time. The era of AI has begun.  NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. Are you creative, autonomous and looking for a challenge in the autonomous auto / self-driving car space? If so, we want to hear from you. ​​ NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.#deeplearning
Responsibilities This is an opportunity for a highly-motivated, self-starting professional to work as a member of the Noblis team that supports the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). This organization is responsible for the engineering, acquisition, management, implementation and execution of FAA voice and data enterprise telecommunications and serves as the technical focal point for enterprise communications and Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) services in accordance with agency objectives.  As a member of the dynamic Noblis Enterprise Programs, Infrastructure, and Communications Services (EPICS) team you will be directly involved in the program and life-cycle management of the FAA's enterprise-wide communications services essential to the operation of our nation's air traffic control system. This position requires the ability to effectively juggle multiple priorities, strong organizational skills, willingness to learn and the ability to work as a member of an integrated government-industry technical program management team. Specific duties may include, but are not limited to: Serve as primary technical and operations support to the SWIM Implementation and On-ramping LeadProvide support in the development, design and update of web-based Stakeholder tools and dashboardsAdvise SWIM On-ramping program management of technical program impacts, risks, alternatives, and recommendationsCommunicate regularly with SWIM Users and Stakeholders to ensure the effective coordination of efforts and achievement of program milestonesSupport and participate in meetings and conferencesSupport management reporting to various FAA engineering and acquisition councils and boards, executives, and internal and external stakeholdersProvide expertise in the development of programmatic practices, plans, and proceduresParticipate in Program Management Reviews (PMRs), Technical Reviews, Technical Interchange Meetings (TIMs), and Design Reviews.Provide support as required to develop, prepare, organize, review, track, analyze and disseminate essential information, to include but not limited to: Technical concept briefings and presentations, SWIM On-ramping and User Status and/ or dashboard and toolsQualificationsBachelor’s degree in technical field such as computer science, software engineering, systems engineeringA minimum of 3 years of experienceStrong professional, interpersonal, communication, and organizational skillsProficiency with MS Office suite including Word, Power Point, ExcelPursuant to the various government contractual requirements, all applicants must be U.S. CitizensAbility to satisfy FAA security and resume approval processesApplicants must possess or meet eligibility requirements for passing a background checkPreferred Qualifications:Project Management experienceExperience working with the FAA, Aviation Systems, Flight Information systemsExperience and familiarly with JAVA and .NETExperience using JavaScript, .NET, HTML, web apps and servicesEnterprise Architecture and SOA, JMS (Publish/Subscribe), Web Services (SOAP/REST) Overview  Noblis and our wholly owned subsidiaries, Noblis ESI and Noblis NSP, are solving difficult problems that help our government and our country. We bring the best of scientific thought, management, and engineering expertise with a reputation for independence and objectivity. We support a wide range of government and industry clients in the areas of national security, intelligence, transportation, healthcare, environmental sustainability, and enterprise engineering. Learn more at noblis.org/about. Why work at a Noblis company? Our employees find greater meaning in their work and balance the other things in life that matter to them. Our people are our greatest asset. They are exceptionally skilled, knowledgeable, team-oriented, and mission-driven individuals who want to do work that matters and benefits the public.  Noblis has won numerous workplace awards. Noblis maintains a drug-free workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race. #LI-BC1
JOB SUMMARY: The Marketing Development Representative (MDR) is results oriented with strong communication skills. This position is primarily responsible for leading top of funnel activity focused on creating a high volume of prospect engagement. These responsibilities include making outbound calls, receiving inbound calls, electronic communication with prospects and scheduling demonstrations of SentryOnes software. The MDR will be highly motivated and drive positive prospect experiences that support the companys overall sales goals. DUTIES & ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:Make outbound calls to warm inbound evaluation/event leadsAchieve product demonstrations and opportunity targets through lead development activityEngage with prospects in a time sensitive manner prescribed by the Sales ManagerMaintain a measurable persistence around lead development which includes call and email engagement.Receive and qualify inbound sales calls / messagesProactively cold call target accounts for business developmentWork closely with other departments to ensure completion of the sale and/or other sales operations requirements COMPETENCIES:Ability to Multi Task: Proven ability to manage multiple issues and/or projects successfully bringing them all to resolution in a timely manner.Problem Solving: Anticipates problems, recognizes and accurately evaluates the signs of a problems and analyzes current procedures for possible improvements.Customer Service: Listens and responds effectively to customer questions; resolves customer problems to the customers satisfaction. Respects all internal and external customers and uses a team approach when dealing with customers in order to exceeding customer expectations.Detail Orientation: Thoroughness in accomplishing a task through concern for all the areas involved, no matter how small. Monitors and checks work or information and plans and organizes time and resources efficiently. QUALIFICATIONS:Associates or Bachelor's Degree in Business or related field and 2+ years experienceSelf-motivated and strong work ethicExperience in B2B cold calling, sales or business developmentProven ability to achieve and exceed personal quotas and goalsStrong attention to detail and accurate documentationProfessional communication skills and ability to connect with IT business leadersPositive attitude towards work, teammates and working with colleagues in other departments CULTURE AND BENEFITS:Charlotte Business Journal's 2015 Best Places to WorkCasual attireCollaborative, fun environmentMedical, Dental, and 401(k)Slack = less emailCompany outings like U.S. National Whitewater Center, Summer Picnic, Holiday Parties, etc.A short walk across the bridge to Birkdale CommonsYoga Wednesdays, Pick-up Basketball, Soccer Wednesdays, and more!SentryOne is an Equal Opportunity Employer
The minions of hell grow stronger! Our family of diabolically talented developers is expanding. Our backgrounds are varied but we all share a passion for the dark, gothic, and macabre. If you value a tightknit team that celebrates self-expression and a multi-disciplinary approach, then join us on the Diablo team!  We’re currently looking for an experienced and excited software engineer to join our ranks! Curious by nature and armed with exceptional analysis skills, we are seeking a developer to help build, maintain, debug, improve, and tackle a wide variety of unique challenges that come along with a live product! Excellent communication and a desire to contribute to many aspects of development are key to the success in this role. Eligibility RequirementsGraduating between December 2017 – August 2018Authorized to work in the USResponsibilitiesReview, build and deploy our product to live and development environments.Maintain and grow a production environment in a way that makes the system increasingly stable.Help build and set up monitoring, analysis and production management software and solutions.Liaise with embedded and external teams, create relationships and assist with shared initiatives.Participate in service capacity planning, demand forecasting, software performance analysis, and system tuning.Look for opportunities to improve and document our reliability processes.Respond to, and resolve emergent service problems by debugging systems and services.Cooperate with internal and external parties to resolve live issues and help determine and document root cause.Diagnose networking, database and OS related problems.Share in off-hour / on-call duties.RequirementsFluency in C / C++, comfortable with reviewing code and using debugging tools.Curiosity & tenacity to fully diagnose why something went wrong.Exceptional deductive reasoning skills.Familiarity with OS, networking and server design concepts.Experience working with Hybrid and public cloud APIs/tech.Familiar with an administrative language such as Python.Strong interpersonal and communications skills.PlusesA degree in computer science, or a related field.Experience working with distributed systems.Networking experience (knowledge of low-level protocols and high-level protocols).Knowledge of DevOps practices and principles.Aptitude to learn new domains quickly.A passion for both video games, and technology.WARNING! Applications that do not include all of the required materials will not be considered. Blizzard Entertainment is a global company committed to growing our employees along with the business. We offer generous benefits and perks with an eye on providing true work / life balance. We’ve worked hard to foster an intensely collaborative and creative environment, a diverse and inclusive employee culture, and training and opportunity for professional growth. Our people are everything. Our core values are real, and our mission has never changed. We are dedicated to creating the most epic entertainment experiences…ever. Join us!
 Overview Get your logistics together. Evolve here. Schaefer Systems International provides storage, materials handling, logistics and waste technology solutions to businesses throughout North America. We design and manufacture state-of-the-art intralogistic storage and picking solutions for all types of industries as well as plastic containers, pallets, and waste and recycling carts. Headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, Schaefer Systems International is part of the SSI SCHAEFER Group, a global leader in logistics and materials handling founded in 1937 with offices and plants in over 50 different countries. For more information, visit http://www.ssi-schaefer.us.  The Software Support Engineer provides technical support for automated material handling software systems and equipment in warehouses and distribution centers using an array of technical tools to perform complex troubleshooting and problem solving. ResponsibilitiesEssential Functions:Identifies and resolves issues with Warehouse Management Systems (WMS) and Material Flow Systems (MFS).Identifies issues that are mechanical or logical in nature and escalates to the appropriate team for resolution.Designs test scenarios to identify system issues.Trains internal and external customers to increase system knowledge, resolve issues and prevent issues from recurring.Creates documentation and training materials for system users and system service & maintenance.Designs, generates, and maintains reports detailing the daily operations of the systems.Analyzes system daily operation reports to track and identify opportunities for continued improvement.Updates help-desk ticketing system to track, monitor, and resolve issues.Writes and updates knowledgebase articles.Effectively communicates with customers in high-impact scenarios.May travel internationally for training.Additional Responsibilities:Participates in customer and internal meetings.Assists software development team with projects.Works as part of international team to ensure maximum system uptime and performance.appropriate team for resolution.Qualifications4-year degree in Computer Science or Engineering or equivalent combination of education and experience in similar work1 year of experience with Java or other object-oriented programming languages1 year of experience with SQL databases (Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server)Visit our YouTube Page @ www.youtube.com/warehouselogistics
 We are the leading artificial intelligence computing company and are paving the way with innovations in self-driving cars, machine learning, super-computing, gaming and visualization.  NVIDIA gives automakers, tier-1 suppliers, automotive research institutions, and start-ups the power and flexibility to develop and deploy breakthrough artificial intelligence systems for self-driving vehicles. Our unified computing architecture enables training deep neural networks in the data center, and then seamlessly runs them on NVIDIA Drive PX 2 inside the vehicle. Today, we are working with over 80 partners that are using our platform in the development of autonomous cars, trucks, shuttles, and taxis. What you’ll be doing: Work closely with various engineering teams to define and develop out Automotive Graphics Validation strategy, including the validation of our safety-critical graphics driver software code. Design and review test plans for graphics driver components including OpenGL ES, Vulkan, and EGL drivers. Develop new automated tests, including functional and unit-level tests. Analyze code coverage results and select the right mix of test cases based on code coverage and level of testing required. Triage and debug of various Software issues within the graphics software stack.What we need to see: BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering. You have a software validation background with strong automation, integration testing, software engineering, architecture, and design skills (5+ years). Experience with modern 3D graphics APIs like OpenGL, OpenGL-ES, Vulkan, or Direct3D. You will need to have strong C/C++ programming and debugging skills, as well as the ability to use scripting languages (Python, Ruby). Ability to self-manage and have excellent communication skills (verbal, written, and global interaction).Ways to stand out from the crowd:Are you experienced with ISO 26262 software certification or Automotive SPICE?Do you have experience with the Agile development methodology?An in-depth knowledge of GPU and CPU architecture is a plusExperience with X11, Wayland, or similar window systems.Experience with embedded operating systems including Linux and QNX.Flexibility to work and communicate effectively in a multinational, multi-time-zone corporate environment. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us and due to unprecedented growth, our premier engineering teams are rapidly growing fast. If you're creative, autonomous and enjoy having fun, then what are you waiting for, apply today!  NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 West Creek 6 (12076), United States of America, Richmond, Virginia  At Capital One, were building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.  Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.  Software Developer - Java - APIs  Capital One is actively seeking experienced Software Engineers with full-stack experience and expertise in technical design and development of applications using existing and emerging technology platforms. Successful candidates will have hands-on experience of building APIs using Java technologies with responsibility for overall delivery of software components. As a senior engineer, you will own end-to-end delivery of software components from inception to production and provide technical leadership/supervision to other engineers. This project will entail backend programming of APIs relating to Capital One's digital payment platforms. Responsibilities:Develop java-based solutionsPerform engineering activities for performance tuning and monitoringUnderstand the big picture, and be able to conceptualize complex technology options and solutionsCollaborating with other platforms tech leads to ensure integrated end-to-end design and deliveryWork with business partners, architects, and other groups to identify technical and functional needs of system and determine priority of needsSupport QA testing, and owning implementation to productionProactive monitoring of applications and servicesIdentifying gaps and taking actions to completionLeading other engineersPresenting at communities of practicesBasic Qualifications:Bachelors Degree or military experienceAt least 2 years of experience in Application Development using Java, J2EE, and SpringAt least 2 years of experience writing SQL queriesAt least 2 years of experience developing RESTful web servicesAt least 2 years of experience with Git Version Control, Eclipse, Ant, or MavenPreferred Qualifications:2+ years of experience in developing UNIX and Shell Scripts1+ years of experience in Cloud technologies AWS, Azure, OpenStack, Docker, Ansible, Chef or Terraform2+ years of experience in Quality Assurance technologies ATDD, Selenium, Cucumber, JUnit, and SoapUI2+ years of experience using Spring or Jersey for deploying on public cloudCertified in Java, Spring or AWS technologies2+ years of experience with NoSQL database2+ years of experience with Big Data technologies2+ years of experience with Angular JS1+ years of experience with Machine LearningAt this time Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.
 Position summary  This is a highly technical position that involves designing, testing, implementing, and maintaining our products and internal systems. Developers are expected to be independently motivated, smart, and productive. Developers are involved with, and responsible for, all aspects of the product lifecycle. Developers are expected to be able to quickly solve problems, write maintainable code, and adhere to quality standards. Developers must be able to work independently as well as in a team environment.  Qualifications / requirements 4-year undergraduate degree or higher (with exceptions), preferably in Computer ScienceMust have a strong understanding of object oriented principles and design. Should also have experience with scripting languages (PHP, Ruby, Perl, Python), web technologies (HTML, CSS, Javascript)Must be proficient in database concepts, SQL and familiar with relational databases (PostgreSQL, Oracle, SQLite, MySQL, SQL Server)Must have experience with Unix/Linux and Windows environmentsClustered or Distributed Computing experience is viewed as a major plusCompetenciesProductivity – Completes work in assigned time (meets deadlines). Amount of work meets or exceeds expectations. Work area is organized. Works well as a team member. Adapts quickly to changing circumstances. Completed work is neat and accurate. Pays close attention to detail.Decision Making / Problem Solving / Critical Thinking – Uses good judgment. Demonstrates ability to clearly isolate and define problems. Considers alternatives and consequences before making decisions. Recognizes problems and offers workable solutions. Seeks advice when appropriate.Trust, Respect, and Rapport – Establishes trust, respect and rapport.Understanding – Understands the vision, mission, functions, business strategies, and structure of the organization.Personal Development – Participates willingly in training and development programs to improve personal skills/knowledge; develops a personal plan for continuing professional development. Personal characteristics Ability to establish and maintain a professional working relationship with all levels of staff, hospital clients and the publicDetail-orientated with the ability to work with minimum/no supervisionAbility to understand and follow verbal and written communicationDemonstrate management and supervisory skillsWillingness to be part of a team-unit and cooperate in the accomplishment of departmental goals and objectives Apply Now Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: Sentry Data Systems, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Job Posting TitleSoftware Engineer IISummaryThe Software Engineer II works in an Agile/Scrum based software development environment in creating robust platforms and innovative gaming products for current and emerging markets. The Software Engineer II is responsible for design, code development, debugging, testing, integration and documentation of software products. This engineer has a solid foundation in software development and is expected to work under moderate supervision from a senior developer.What you'll doKey Performance Competencies· Adaptability· Flexibility· Initiative· Dependability· Communication Skills· Technical Knowledge· Quality of Work· Collaboration SkillsEssential Duties and Responsibilities · Follows a disciplined Agile/Scrum software development process in task estimation, design, development, code reviews, unit/integration testing and defect fixing of products· Assists in the creation of technical design documents for the products · Works with senior staff to design code that adheres to the written specifications · Participates in peer reviews of code design and written code as assigned.· Documents new/modified code, and develops/automates unit and integration tests to verify the changes · Analyzes existing software to debug and troubleshoot field issues that may arise· Participates as required in process improvement initiatives · Assists in the technical analysis of potential tools and commercial products· Mentors Software Engineer I’s in becoming familiar with VGT’s technical processesKnowledge/Skills Required· Experience programming on Linux or Windows Platform· Strong knowledge of Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD)· Knowledge of design/modeling with tools such as UML· Knowledge of database design· Attention to detail· Solid experience in object-oriented programming· Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.)· Excellent communication, planning and organizational skills· Ability to work well in a team environment · Understanding of network protocols including HTTP, UDP, TCP/IP and sockets· Experience in the following:C++ and C#CMakeGNU DebuggerGMock/GTest frameworksVersion ControlEducation, Training and Experience· Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field or related experience· At least 3 years of professional software engineering experience· At least 1 year of gaming or related technology experience is a plusPhysical DemandsThe physical demands of typical office positions are expected. The ability to sit and perform terminal/computer work for lengthy periods is expected. May be required to travel to offsite locations. Overnight travel is Work Environment This is a non-smoking office environment.What we're looking forWhy Aristocrat?World Leader in Gaming EntertainmentRobust benefits packageGlobal career opportunitiesOur core values: Respect, Courage, Integrity and PassionOur Winning WaysUnite - Come together as one team, with one visionDevelop - Empower, inspire and grow our peopleDeliver - Execute with excellence, be accountable for resultsPlay - Be creative, celebrate successThe US based roles may require registration with the Nevada Gaming Control Board (NGCB) and/or other gaming jurisdictions in which we operate.LocationFranklin, TN, USJob familySoftwareContract TypeRegularTime TypeFull time
Inland Business Systems, a Xerox Company prides itself as an industry leader in digital technology matched with a go-to-market strategy like no other. We are looking to expand our team with a B2B competitive field sales representative to develop sales strategies and attract new clients.  This successful new member will source new opportunities and close existing sales to achieve quota. Our successful candidate will play a key role in increasing their income and revenue targets by managing and negotiating with clients, generating leads, qualifying prospects and managing sales of our solutions and services. As an outside sales representative, they will demonstrate Challenger selling skills in supporting their efforts.  We are a highly recognized, innovative consulting firm specializing in partnering with organizations to provide cutting edge solutions that streamline workflow and dramatically impact our customer's business. At IBS you will learn what it means to be part of a winning team with a strong community presence. What we provide:A Strong Base Salary and Uncapped Commission with a protected territoryPresidents Club and Presidents Trip for Top PerformersProfessional Sales Training- Our sales staff and Sales Trainer will help guide you to success.A Book of Business- We truly want you to succeed, we put in a territory with existing customersVehicle Reimbursement- We'll help put gas in your tank and a cushion for routine maintenance.Room for Advancement-We respect your long term goals and want to help you achieve them.Full Benefit Package- Medical, Dental, Vision, RX, Flexible Spending, Life, AD&D, LTD, 401(k) w/match, travel assist, paid holidaysPositive Company Culture- Quality people make quality companies. We want you to contribute to our outstanding work environment here at Inland Business Systems.Job Duties and Responsibilities:Identifies business opportunities by identifying prospects and evaluating their position in the industry; researching and analyzing sales options.Sells our portfolio of products and services by establishing contact and developing relationships with prospects; tailoring our industry messaging following our Challenger model.Maintains relationships with clients by providing support, information and guidance (QBR's); researching and recommending new opportunities that demonstrating customer development (deeper and wider)Customizes messaging tailored to industry trends, market activities and competition; executing skillset learned during new hire training.Strong learning curve for IBS/Xerox go-to-market sales process.Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; benchmarking go-to-market practices; participating in professional societies.Contributes to team effort holding company values, profits and direction.Qualifications:Must be driven with proven examples of initiative; and have the ability to excel in a fast-paced, competitive sales environment.Strong presentation and delivery skills coupled with sales cycle layers of awarenessStrong relationship management skills with customers and personnel navigation within the organization required.Proven experience as a sales executive or relevant role.Aptitude in delivering attractive presentations.Strong negotiation skills required.Strong organizational skills.Ability to meet sales quotas and deadlines, and use good judgment in performing conflicting demands and managing priorities.Strong initiative with ability to seek out relevant information prior to making timely decisions.Computer literacy and familiarity with the internet required.Ability to work evening and weekend hours during peak periods.Must have strong ethics and work as an effective, collaborative team member.Valid driver's license and minimum level of auto insurance coverage required.Must be able to pass a background check and drug screen.High school diploma or equivalent required.BA/BS preferred.Come join our team!Inland Business Systems, a Xerox CompanyWe are an Equal Opportunity Employer Sales Representative Outside Sales B2B Business to Business Tele-Sales Cold Calling
 Hopper is a mobile-only company that uses big data to predict and analyze airfare and accommodations. The app provides travelers with the information they need to get the best deals on flights and hotels, and notifies them when prices are at their predicted lowest points.  Since launching in 2015, Hopper has become one of the fastest growing travel apps ever with over 20 million installs. It is the #1 travel app in over 37 countries and ranks as one of the top 10 travel apps in over 95 countries. Our users have watched 45 million trips since launch and are booking $1.5 million worth of travel through the app each day. Hopper has received accolades such as Apple’s App Store Best of 2015, the Google Play Award for Standout Startup of 2016, and the Webby Award for Best Travel app.  Hopper was founded in 2007 and has $104 million CAD in funding to date from Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (CDPQ), Accomplice, Brightspark, OMERS, BDC IT Venture Fund, and Investissement Québec.  As a Software Engineer – Mobile you'll be part of a growing team of Engineers and Product Designers with big ambitions: delivering a delightful and powerful product that empowers travelers. We’re always looking for driven, versatile, autonomous yet collaborative engineers to help us build great things. You'll work with a team that's built award-winning native apps for iOS and Android. You'll leverage RxJava and ReactiveSwift to write immutable and type-safe code and make a direct impact by working side-by-side with product designers to prototype and develop new features. Requirements We're looking for engineers of diverse backgrounds, from recent graduates to engineers with years of experience building consumer apps. Our fundamental requirements are a drive to learn and a shared engineering philosophy: Design and write beautiful code: simple, testable, efficient and maintainableLearn new languages, technologies and frameworks from one project to the nextCollaborate with others to solve tough technical and product problemsBenefitsCompensation will be competitive including equity in a growth-stage startup backed by top-tier VCs  All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
 About O'Reilly Media  O’Reilly’s mission is “changing the world by sharing the knowledge of innovators.” For over 30 years, we’ve been helping people learn new skills, track significant new technologies, and build careers in technology and business. This extends to our employees: we have a long and proud history of encouraging and enabling the people who work here to take advantage of O’Reilly’s resources and network to keep learning, take on new challenges, and build careers.  About Your team:  Platform Engineering supports O’Reilly Media’s premier training service, which is used by technologists, managers, and designers around the world to hone their skills and improve their craft. We are made of many small teams that are broadly distributed across the US, featuring tightly collaborative groups of developers, designers, and product managers constantly encouraging each other to deliver work that instills pride and fulfillment.  Our main stack is Python/Django/React supported with PostgreSQL and Lucene/Solr. Our developers are organized into a network of small teams with embedded product managers, designers, and front-end specialists focused on specific functional areas. We believe deeply in automated testing, code review, and iterative improvement. We are in the midst of a transition from a monolithic web application to a microservices ecosystem, and welcome individuals who’ve made that journey before or are interested in starting it with us.  We happily support a variety of employees who are able to come into our offices in Boston, MA but we cannot offer fulltime employment to others who live and operate outside of the United States.  About the Job:  Our full stack engineers are focused on building a diverse family of scalable and robust services, aimed at a variety of educational audiences. Software engineers work in two week sprints focused on new features designed collaboratively with product managers and other teammates. They exchange code reviews with senior engineers, provide mentorship to support engineers, and assist QA and Ops with troubleshooting product issues.  About You:  We are interested in people who have experience building and supporting web applications with a diverse and engaged user base. We desire candidates who work comfortably in an agile environment and with collaborators who are distributed across multiple timezones. We value colleagues who are helpful, respectful, and always willing to do what’s best for our users. We desire developers who treat automated tests as essential, and believe code reviews are a crucial path of learning and helping. The women and men of our platform team have taken many traditional and nontraditional paths to the developer profession, and we welcome diverse teams that are bound together by a mutual love of learning.  Minimum Requirements: 2 years of experience full stack web application developmentDemonstrated competency with Python and JavascriptA passion for test-driven developmentFamiliarity with microservice architecture and building or maintaining APIsFamiliarity with continuous intergration tools and a rapid release cycleBonus Points for:Experience with Django and/or ReactExperience with the Go languageExperience with Ruby on RailsExperience building microservicesExperience deploying microservices with Docker and KubernetesExperience with SCRUM
 Nexient is the largest domestic IT services provider, with core strength in Agile software development and transformation at scale. With four delivery centers in the US, we architect and build solutions that combine Agile expertise with Silicon Valley innovation to help our clients be more responsive to their market.  Software technology is accelerating the pace of change across all industries. At Nexient, we always look to the future. Ambitious and forward-leaning, we challenge ourselves, the status quo and our clients. In an IT consulting industry characterized by large, lumbering giants or low-cost, low-efficiency offshore shops, we embrace Agile thinking, speed-to-market and price performance to continuously deliver software.Role and Responsibilities Create software code, unit tests and assist with encoding, testing, debugging, and documentationUnderstand client requirements and prepare designs for translating those into software applicationsUses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionalityPerform installation of code releases and patches and write scripts or programs for IT applications Experience & Skills · 8+ years of software design and development experience with core Java and J2EE  · Developing Java web applications  · Experience in Spring , Hibernate, SOAP / REST Web Services  · Object Oriented Programming and Service Oriented Architecture design  · Experience with Spring, Hibernate and RESTful WebServices  · Strong Core Java & J2EE  · Any experience with Mobile application development – iOS/Android will be preferred  · Experience with JavaScript – Node.js, Angular  · At least five years of relevant application software development experience  · Experience with large-scale distributed systems and client-server architectures  · Developing Spring/Java/Maven applications  · Strong social and communication skills  · Strong unit-testing skills (JUnit in particular)  · Object-oriented programming and experience with Design Patterns  · Experience with functional testing frameworks
JMA Wireless is the leading global innovator in mobile wireless connectivity solutions that assure infrastructure reliability, streamline service operations, and maximize wireless performance. Employing powerful, patented innovations their solutions portfolio is proven to lower the cost of operations while ensuring lifetime quality levels in equipment and unrivaled performance for coverage and high-speed mobile data. JMA Wireless solutions cover macro infrastructure, outdoor and indoor distributed antenna systems and small cell solutions. JMA Wireless corporate headquarters are located in Liverpool, NY, with manufacturing, R&D, and sales operations in over 20 locations worldwide.Position Overview:The Java Full Stack Web Developer will participate in all phases of the software development lifecycle. The person in this role will support development of management and operation services and user interfaces. The person in this position will also work with partners who may supply software components, collaborating with them as needed to specify and validate key functionalities. Finally, the person in this role may be involved in customizations of the software to interface with other back office systems.Position Responsibilities: - Contribute as a productive member of an agile development team- Analyze, design and implement business requirements- Design and implementation of data models- Integrating and testing with back end services and databases- Development and testing of software APIs- Development and testing of user interfaces- Profiling and optimizing system performanceMinimum Qualifications: - BS/MS degree in Computer Science or related field - 7+ years of experience in development with Java/J2EE software development and web technologies- Experience with Spring MVC, Spring Batch frameworks- Experience with defining and developing SOAP and REST web services- Experience with JPA and Hibernate frameworks- Experience in database integration using SQL- Experience with client-side user interface frameworks such as Angular (v2+) and Bootstrap- Experience with unit test frameworks including Junit, Jasmine, Karma, Mockito and PowerMock - Excellent communication skillsAdditional Experience and Knowledge a Plus:- Experience with Linux - Experience with Spring security- Experience with developing applications requiring internationalization and localization- Experience with Python- Experience with javascript frameworks/libraries like JQuery and ReactJS- Experience with Git, JIRA, Bitbucket, Confluence, Jenkins, Maven- Experience with virtualization technologies such as Virtual Box and VMware.- Experience developing web based interactive visualization tools and dashboards for the real-time data- Experience with graphs utilizing C3.js and D3.js
 We are seeking a dedicated bug hunter a tier three engineer who will be tasked with finding and correcting problems and limitations within our flagship SaaS application, LeaseAccelerator. There may be occasional opportunities to do green field development, but this position is primarily software maintenance and entails modifying other people's code. This is perfect for a person who enjoys digging into code and working on tasks of all sizes and varying degrees of complexity. Job Responsibilities:Analyze code to find and correct problems and limitationsAddress priority bug reports from our portfolio of clientsComplete refactoring and code refinement based on guidance from static code analysisInteract professionally with colleagues and end users, both by e-mail and video-enabled web conferenceTactfully and diplomatically field questions you may consider inane from end usersBuy time for questions you cannot answer while you pursue internal resources who can assist you in answering the questionsParticipate in web conference calls (primarily through Zoom), Slack channels, and emails to communicate with colleagues from around North America and IndiaKey Qualifications:Tier three engineerKnowledge of Java, JavaScript, and Oracle PL/SQL running on WindowsThree years of relevant programming experience with at least one of the above languagesDemonstrated ability to learn new technologies quicklyProven ability to recognize and leverage established patternsExposure to leasing or financing- at least a basic understanding of accounting concepts, including operating expense, amortization, and depreciation.Experience with ERPs, including Oracle EBS or SAP, is a plusExperience with developing accounting or bookkeeping applications is a plusAbility to work with partial information, and good judgement on when to ask questions and when to run independentlyAbility to juggle multiple shifting priorities for a variety of tasks from small tweaks to major projects that could take weeksStrong written and verbal communication in English LeaseAccelerator is an environment in which you can learn, supported and mentored by an amazing team of engineers. This is primarily a telecommuting position, but preference will be given to candidates who are within reasonable driving distance of our Reston, Virginia headquarters.
 Senior Software Development Engineer in Test Job Location  Cambridge, MA Req Number 2018-1010 Department  Business SystemsApply NowOverview: Foundation Medicine is a molecular information company focused on fundamentally changing the way in which patients with cancer are treated. Our products provide more than information. They offer hope to patients, their families and friends, their physicians and caregivers.  We've seen the difference that our technology can make in the lives of patients, but there is still enormous potential to help even more people. In our drive to help transform the way in which patients with cancer are treated, we strive to improve every life we touch through our dedication to innovation, our commitment to people, and our passion for performance.  Reporting to the Manager of Quality Engineering, you will be part of a team of Sr. SDETs, SDETs, functional testers and automation engineers driving the automation vision of the Quality Engineering department.  You will be working with test leads and scrum teams to continuously bridge gaps in automation, functional and testing infrastructure across teams and responsible for building processes to ensure high quality software releases. Responsible for construction of new framework and tools to help augment existing automation frameworks. Additionally, will be working closely with DevOps team to strategically include automated tests and testing infrastructure into DevOps pipeline. Activities will include working with the cloud team to maintain best practices, integrating continuous automated testing, the instantiation of automation scripts, and ensuring high quality software, and working with product teams to promote Quality Engineering principles. This function is of extreme importance in the community we serve as more efficient tools and a quicker turnaround time on results can drastically impact a patient’s treatment. We are looking for a highly motivated individual who will thrive working within a fast-paced, team-oriented atmosphere. Responsibilities:Contribute towards the future state of automation for Quality Engineering dept. by closely collaborating with the testing team, a team comprising of Sr. SDETs, SDETs, functional testers and automation engineers.Perform gap analysis of current state of automation frameworks, functional testing process and testing infrastructure across products and strategizing future state of automation framework with a roadmap.Evangelize, strategize, introduce and implement automation frameworks to support integration, web service and GUI testing across FMI product lines to be first class DevOps citizens.Writing automated tests and test harnesses application and services under test.Writing and reviewing test strategies, test plans and test cases based on the agile stories and/or product requirements.Interact and collaborate directly with software developers, product managers, and business analysts to ensure proper development and quality of FMI applications and products.Interact with SDETs, QA members and FMI technical leaders to understand systems and component specifications and recommend changes to facilitate efficient and effective testing.Evangelize software testing best practices and influence architecture and design decisions.Participate in efforts to share FMI testing technology and expertise within the company.Perform tasks efficiently and work together with team to ensure project success.Perform other duties as assigned.Qualifications:B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS, or equivalent preferred.5+ years of experience as a software developer or SDET.Strong Experience in Selenium web driver, Selenium Grid and Cucumber.Proficiency in, at least, one programming language C++, Java, JavaScript or Python.Strong Experience developing high quality automation frameworks.Strong Experience in BDD, TDD, Data driven and Hybrid automation frameworks.Strong Experience to programmatically test products; measure test coverage; develop best automation, profiling, and performance/load testing tools; and drive testability and diagnostic ability into the product.Strong experience working with SDLC frameworks like: SCRUM, Kanban, Agile.Experience with automation, web deployment and engineering environment tools such as Mocha, Jasmine, JIRA, Github/Gitlab, Jenkins.Experience in testing applications on Cloud infrastructure (Azure/AWS) a plus.Experience working in distributed SOA environments including REST services.Experience in querying complex schemas and relational databases.Experience working in a within a DevOps model and continuous delivery model.Experience working in a regulated environment (SOX, HIPAA, CLIA, FDA) a plus.
The Systems Software Engineer is an experienced software engineer and an experienced game maker who combines a drive to solve problems with a love of making games. The Systems Software Engineer will work closely with the CTO and other Senior team members to design and implement software systems.This person has a demonstrated capability to work in cross-functional teams with staff of all other departments and disciplines, including Audio, Art, Design, Production, and UI. The Systems Software Engineer demonstrates empathy for other team members as well as the player in all interactions.The Systems Software Engineer participates in building and reinforcing the team culture by demonstrating excellence in Software Engineering and a dedication to collaboration in building great games.Your Mission:Assist the engineering staff in the development and maintenance of a AAA gameDesign and develop the core systems that either provide new functionality and improve the efficiency of the code baseUnder the direction of senior staff, participate in researching areas of improvement and possible new featuresAnalyze game and engine performance using PIX, Razor, Very Sleepy, or other tools, and implement optimizationsCreate and maintain documentation to describe system architecture and implementationProactively identify problems and identify opportunities for improvement, and propose solutions to team leadershipDemonstrate a working knowledge in one or more areas of game engineering, including:User Interface implementationAsset pipeline improvementsConcurrency, threading models and reduction of latencyGame entity management and updatesMemory management and asset content streamingNetworking, replication, online systems programming, and bandwidth optimizationAI systems and enemy behavior implementationSIMD and other low-level optimizationsSkeletal animation and skinning systemsPlayer Profile:BS or MS degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience3+ Years C/C++ Programming, with a demonstrated proficiency in core data structures and algorithms. Experience with C#, JavaScript, or other languages is a plus3+ Years’ experience in the games industry, with at least 1 Shipped TitleStrong 3D math and linear algebra skillsExperience building networked multiplayer with a client-server architecture games is a plusPassion for video games and for delivering excellence in the craftDemonstrated command of English language in written and verbal forms
Requisition Number  44505BR Title  Lead, Software Development - MDM Business  US - Global IT State / Country / Province  Connecticut City  New Britain No. of Positions  1Job DescriptionAbout the Company Since 1843, we’ve set the standard for excellence in everything we do. No company on earth has a stronger or more compelling history of delivering the hardworking, innovative, powerful tools that help professionals around the world build, repair, and protect the world’s most valuable things.  No matter where you live, what car you drive, what stores you shop at, or what building you work in, you can bet that we had a hand in making it work. And you can guarantee that we’ll keep making it work. Position Summary As an MDM (Master Data Management) Lead Software Development Analyst with Stanley Black and Decker, you will have the opportunity to work on exciting projects. You will be responsible for conducting workshops and work sessions with stakeholders, mapping uses and business processes, gathering and documenting business and technical requirements, assessing technical constraints and considerations, and creating functional design. In this role you will also work closely with our business clients and must demonstrate functional and technical knowledge to ensure that the work products and deliverables are of the highest caliber. Your ability to communicate with stakeholders and effectively present solutions will be crucial to ensuring the success of our client engagements. In-depth knowledge of the tools, processes and methodologies for all phases of the SDLC is required. Principal Accountabilities Coordinate MDM (Master Data Management) projects and participate as MDM subject matter expert on corporate projects.  Collaborate with IT Staff, Systems Analysts, and business subject matter experts, to support the MDM environment.  Monitor the MDM environment for issues and resolve as needed.  Design test plans, execute test scenarios, validate test data, and document test results  Capable of translating customer and internal specifications for enhancements to the MDM application  Experienced working knowledge of ETL application functions and processes  Responsible for preparing design/technical/functional specification documentation.  Designs, configures/codes, tests, debugs and documents software/solution according to SBD-IT systems standards, policies and procedures.  Prepares test data for unit, development integration and performance testing.  Resolves customer issues with software solutions and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements.  Interacts with business users and I/T to define current and future application requirements. Required Skills & Experience, Knowledge: Excellent working knowledge of the IBM MDM Applications (Collaborative Edition is a plus)  Proficient in Java/J2EE, SQL Webservices, XML)  Solid working knowledge of ETL applications (e.g. IBM Infoshere DataStage)  Demonstrated experience with Data Profiling, Data Cleansing  Excellent working knowledge of Data Cleaning Applications (IBM InfoStage DataStage - Quality Stage designer is a plus)  Strong knowledge of SAP ERP Systems and data structures (e.g. customer, vendor, product)  Strong project management experience leading / executing projects  Serves as a technical authority within the organization and with customers. Problem Solving: Exercises discretion and independent judgment in execution of duties  Applies analytical and interpretation skills to problems of diverse scope.  Develops solutions to a variety of problems of moderate complexity.  Screens, evaluates, reconciles, reports and resolves data integrity issues.  Recognizes and acts on inconsistencies in data or results and escalates problems.  Works on assignments where considerable judgment and initiative are required in resolving problems and making choices, decisions or recommendations  Develops complex solutions to business problems or customer engagements through in-depth analysis, coordination and negotiation with key decision makers.  a) Uses experience, innovation and judgment to make decisions that may be based on partial information.  b) Considers Stanley Black & Decker-wide implications of decisions and recommendations.  Adapts and integrates own experience with Stanley Black & Decker-wide strategy.  a) Analyzes and forecasts business and market trends.  Develops innovative solutions to problems without precedent.  a) Invents new products and processes to achieve strategic business objectives.  Decisions are strategic in nature, have long-term consequence, and tend to relate to business strategy, financial performance and effective resource utilization. Guidance: Works well under general direction.  Work is guided by objectives of the area or assignment.  Refers to established policies, procedures and precedents as needed.  May set project timeframes and priorities based on project objectives and ongoing assignments.  Assumes responsibility to improve service, efficiency and quality of work.  Actively participates on small, medium and large project teams as the focal MDM expert in support of MDM related project deliverables.  Initiates new or revised departmental procedures, programs and initiatives.  Assesses and determines priorities within area of expertise.  Structures and implements changes within the context of established strategy.  a) Plans implementation of major change efforts.  Leads large scale, global programs that contribute to the corporation’s success. Relationships: Possesses the ability, and is comfortable to effectively communicate to all levels of management.  Coordinates MDM activities for on and offshore outsourcing partners.  Contributes to team by ensuring quality of output and providing training as necessary  Contributes to the completion of milestones associated with specific projects or activities within own area.  Establishes working relationships with others outside area of expertise.  Applies knowledge and understanding of functional, IT and business process to successfully coordinate and implement solutions.  Ability to work on/with cross-functional teams Experience: 8-10 years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience Additional Skills: Possesses and applies a comprehensive knowledge of applications programming and analysis and the impact of the solutions on the business and IT functions.  Applies knowledge to analyze and develop solutions to complex problems.  Competent to work in all phases of applications programming.  Possesses and applies an advanced level of understanding of the principles of applications programming.  Demonstrated ability to lead large projects or offer complex programming solutions.  Develops and maintains a thorough knowledge of key business processes, current and future requirements and key success factors.  Ability to effectively communicate business issues and needs at a leadership level and how technology supports those requirements. Education Undergraduate degree in Computer Sciences or a related field and 8-10 years relevant experience, or  Graduate degree and 6-8 years of relevant experience. EEO Statement All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age, disability or any other characteristic protected by law

WearenowseekingSeniorSystemSoftwareEngineers for Autonomous Vehicles: NVIDIA is hiring System Software Engineers for its Self-Driving Car teams. As a Senior Engineer on our team, you will be responsible for developing and maintaining system software and infrastructure tools for platforms and products to build Autonomous Vehicles. You need strong communication, organizational, and analytical skills. Experience with GPU technology, image processing, computer vision, and multimedia are highly valued. Familiarity with deep learning is desired. What you’ll be doing:Craft and maintain system software for Autonomous Vehicle productsDesign and sustain system tools for product development and product verificationDevelop real-time data processing functions for high-end autonomous vehicle compute platformsPerformance optimizationWhat we need to see:You have a BS or MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or closely related field with 4 years of relevant work or lab experienceStrong programming ability in C, C++, and PythonGood experience developing user mode system sw and drivers for HW acceleratorsFamiliarity with source control (git, Perforce, etc.) Ways to stand out from the crowd: Experience working on GPU technology, imaging, camera, and multimediaFamiliarity with AI, Deep Learning and/or Computer Vision.Knowledge of real-time data processing, networking and communicationExperience developing server based tools for image processing Academic and commercial groups around the world are powering a revolution in artificial intelligence using deep learning techniques running on NVIDIA GPUs, enabling breakthroughs in problems from image classification to speech recognition to natural language processing.  Intelligent machines powered by AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car using AI can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an extraordinary time. The era of AI has begun.  NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. Are you creative, autonomous and looking for a challenge in the autonomous auto / self-driving car space? If so, we want to hear from you. ​​ NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.#deeplearning
JOB SUMMARY: The Marketing Development Representative (MDR) is results oriented with strong communication skills. This position is primarily responsible for leading top of funnel activity focused on creating a high volume of prospect engagement. These responsibilities include making outbound calls, receiving inbound calls, electronic communication with prospects and scheduling demonstrations of SentryOnes software. The MDR will be highly motivated and drive positive prospect experiences that support the companys overall sales goals. DUTIES & ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:Make outbound calls to warm inbound evaluation/event leadsAchieve product demonstrations and opportunity targets through lead development activityEngage with prospects in a time sensitive manner prescribed by the Sales ManagerMaintain a measurable persistence around lead development which includes call and email engagement.Receive and qualify inbound sales calls / messagesProactively cold call target accounts for business developmentWork closely with other departments to ensure completion of the sale and/or other sales operations requirements COMPETENCIES:Ability to Multi Task: Proven ability to manage multiple issues and/or projects successfully bringing them all to resolution in a timely manner.Problem Solving: Anticipates problems, recognizes and accurately evaluates the signs of a problems and analyzes current procedures for possible improvements.Customer Service: Listens and responds effectively to customer questions; resolves customer problems to the customers satisfaction. Respects all internal and external customers and uses a team approach when dealing with customers in order to exceeding customer expectations.Detail Orientation: Thoroughness in accomplishing a task through concern for all the areas involved, no matter how small. Monitors and checks work or information and plans and organizes time and resources efficiently. QUALIFICATIONS:Associates or Bachelor's Degree in Business or related field and 2+ years experienceSelf-motivated and strong work ethicExperience in B2B cold calling, sales or business developmentProven ability to achieve and exceed personal quotas and goalsStrong attention to detail and accurate documentationProfessional communication skills and ability to connect with IT business leadersPositive attitude towards work, teammates and working with colleagues in other departments CULTURE AND BENEFITS:Charlotte Business Journal's 2015 Best Places to WorkCasual attireCollaborative, fun environmentMedical, Dental, and 401(k)Slack = less emailCompany outings like U.S. National Whitewater Center, Summer Picnic, Holiday Parties, etc.A short walk across the bridge to Birkdale CommonsYoga Wednesdays, Pick-up Basketball, Soccer Wednesdays, and more!SentryOne is an Equal Opportunity Employer
 Overview Get your logistics together. Evolve here. Schaefer Systems International provides storage, materials handling, logistics and waste technology solutions to businesses throughout North America. We design and manufacture state-of-the-art intralogistic storage and picking solutions for all types of industries as well as plastic containers, pallets, and waste and recycling carts. Headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, Schaefer Systems International is part of the SSI SCHAEFER Group, a global leader in logistics and materials handling founded in 1937 with offices and plants in over 50 different countries. For more information, visit http://www.ssi-schaefer.us.  The Software Support Engineer provides technical support for automated material handling software systems and equipment in warehouses and distribution centers using an array of technical tools to perform complex troubleshooting and problem solving. ResponsibilitiesEssential Functions:Identifies and resolves issues with Warehouse Management Systems (WMS) and Material Flow Systems (MFS).Identifies issues that are mechanical or logical in nature and escalates to the appropriate team for resolution.Designs test scenarios to identify system issues.Trains internal and external customers to increase system knowledge, resolve issues and prevent issues from recurring.Creates documentation and training materials for system users and system service & maintenance.Designs, generates, and maintains reports detailing the daily operations of the systems.Analyzes system daily operation reports to track and identify opportunities for continued improvement.Updates help-desk ticketing system to track, monitor, and resolve issues.Writes and updates knowledgebase articles.Effectively communicates with customers in high-impact scenarios.May travel internationally for training.Additional Responsibilities:Participates in customer and internal meetings.Assists software development team with projects.Works as part of international team to ensure maximum system uptime and performance.appropriate team for resolution.Qualifications4-year degree in Computer Science or Engineering or equivalent combination of education and experience in similar work1 year of experience with Java or other object-oriented programming languages1 year of experience with SQL databases (Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server)Visit our YouTube Page @ www.youtube.com/warehouselogistics
 West Creek 6 (12076), United States of America, Richmond, Virginia  At Capital One, were building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.  Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.  Software Developer - Java - APIs  Capital One is actively seeking experienced Software Engineers with full-stack experience and expertise in technical design and development of applications using existing and emerging technology platforms. Successful candidates will have hands-on experience of building APIs using Java technologies with responsibility for overall delivery of software components. As a senior engineer, you will own end-to-end delivery of software components from inception to production and provide technical leadership/supervision to other engineers. This project will entail backend programming of APIs relating to Capital One's digital payment platforms. Responsibilities:Develop java-based solutionsPerform engineering activities for performance tuning and monitoringUnderstand the big picture, and be able to conceptualize complex technology options and solutionsCollaborating with other platforms tech leads to ensure integrated end-to-end design and deliveryWork with business partners, architects, and other groups to identify technical and functional needs of system and determine priority of needsSupport QA testing, and owning implementation to productionProactive monitoring of applications and servicesIdentifying gaps and taking actions to completionLeading other engineersPresenting at communities of practicesBasic Qualifications:Bachelors Degree or military experienceAt least 2 years of experience in Application Development using Java, J2EE, and SpringAt least 2 years of experience writing SQL queriesAt least 2 years of experience developing RESTful web servicesAt least 2 years of experience with Git Version Control, Eclipse, Ant, or MavenPreferred Qualifications:2+ years of experience in developing UNIX and Shell Scripts1+ years of experience in Cloud technologies AWS, Azure, OpenStack, Docker, Ansible, Chef or Terraform2+ years of experience in Quality Assurance technologies ATDD, Selenium, Cucumber, JUnit, and SoapUI2+ years of experience using Spring or Jersey for deploying on public cloudCertified in Java, Spring or AWS technologies2+ years of experience with NoSQL database2+ years of experience with Big Data technologies2+ years of experience with Angular JS1+ years of experience with Machine LearningAt this time Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.
Job Posting TitleSoftware Engineer IISummaryThe Software Engineer II works in an Agile/Scrum based software development environment in creating robust platforms and innovative gaming products for current and emerging markets. The Software Engineer II is responsible for design, code development, debugging, testing, integration and documentation of software products. This engineer has a solid foundation in software development and is expected to work under moderate supervision from a senior developer.What you'll doKey Performance Competencies· Adaptability· Flexibility· Initiative· Dependability· Communication Skills· Technical Knowledge· Quality of Work· Collaboration SkillsEssential Duties and Responsibilities · Follows a disciplined Agile/Scrum software development process in task estimation, design, development, code reviews, unit/integration testing and defect fixing of products· Assists in the creation of technical design documents for the products · Works with senior staff to design code that adheres to the written specifications · Participates in peer reviews of code design and written code as assigned.· Documents new/modified code, and develops/automates unit and integration tests to verify the changes · Analyzes existing software to debug and troubleshoot field issues that may arise· Participates as required in process improvement initiatives · Assists in the technical analysis of potential tools and commercial products· Mentors Software Engineer I’s in becoming familiar with VGT’s technical processesKnowledge/Skills Required· Experience programming on Linux or Windows Platform· Strong knowledge of Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD)· Knowledge of design/modeling with tools such as UML· Knowledge of database design· Attention to detail· Solid experience in object-oriented programming· Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.)· Excellent communication, planning and organizational skills· Ability to work well in a team environment · Understanding of network protocols including HTTP, UDP, TCP/IP and sockets· Experience in the following:C++ and C#CMakeGNU DebuggerGMock/GTest frameworksVersion ControlEducation, Training and Experience· Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field or related experience· At least 3 years of professional software engineering experience· At least 1 year of gaming or related technology experience is a plusPhysical DemandsThe physical demands of typical office positions are expected. The ability to sit and perform terminal/computer work for lengthy periods is expected. May be required to travel to offsite locations. Overnight travel is Work Environment This is a non-smoking office environment.What we're looking forWhy Aristocrat?World Leader in Gaming EntertainmentRobust benefits packageGlobal career opportunitiesOur core values: Respect, Courage, Integrity and PassionOur Winning WaysUnite - Come together as one team, with one visionDevelop - Empower, inspire and grow our peopleDeliver - Execute with excellence, be accountable for resultsPlay - Be creative, celebrate successThe US based roles may require registration with the Nevada Gaming Control Board (NGCB) and/or other gaming jurisdictions in which we operate.LocationFranklin, TN, USJob familySoftwareContract TypeRegularTime TypeFull time
 We are now looking for a Senior System Software Engineer:  Nvidia’s invention of the GPU 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Today, we are increasingly known as “the AI computing company”. We are looking to grow our company with the smartest people in the world.  We are looking for an extraordinary engineer to join its Cloud Infrastructure team. You will be a technical domain expert in storage systems and cloud platform software. This position will focus on design and implementation of next generation distributed storage infrastructure, to support our efforts in GPU based deep learning applications and HPC. What you’ll be doing:You design and implement distributed storage systems.You work with Linux userspace and kernel, on design, prototype, implementation, and evaluation of large distributed storage systems.What we need to see:CS or EE degree, with 7+ years of experience developing distributed systems.You have a strong background in design, implementation, and performance optimization of large distributed Linux based systems.Ability to quickly learn and evaluate new technologies through simulation and prototype implementation.You have the ability to write good, clean, commented, readable code – fast. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Master’s degree in Computer Science.Track record in design and implementation of L4/L5 transports for storage or compute clusters.Experience in design/implementation of high-performance storage engines.Experience and successful at tracing, identifying, analyzing, and resolving performance bottlenecks.Your own Github, with opensource projects that you’ve done yourself or helped to develop. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people on the planet working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you.  NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
Check out our new site! xero.com/grads Software Developer InternOur purpose Small business makes the world go round its the heart of the global economy. At Xero we want millions of small businesses to thrive through beautiful software, advice and connections. We aim to make being a small business more efficient and profitable, and more enjoyable too. How youll make an impact The role of the Developer Intern is to undertake, under the guidance of a mentor, software application development on applications in our suite of Products (including new ones), contributing to new or improved experiences for our customers, internal and external.  If you love writing code, our team of engineers could be the place for you. We show our customers love by creating great new features and fixing the occasional bug, and we do it all at speed. What you'll do Our Dev interns join a wide range of small product teams, including those that build new strategic applications, make our existing applications even more beautiful, focus on our mobile platform, and ensure that our apps remain highly-available, secure, scalable, robust and high-performing.  Step into our world of full stack developers, front-end and back-end specialists, and quality assurance engineers. You see your code make a difference in the lives of Xero users after each release. You'll work across front-end and back-end components for web, mobile and APIs that build on top of .NET, open-source web frameworks, and Android and iOS all deployed and managed through AWS. Requirements Our teams are comprised of proactive communicators who take initiative and come up with great ideas. We have an agile, highly diverse team of people who are passionate about what they do and motivated to take it to the next level. Were eager to see applications from students with a wide range of qualifications. Ideally, you will: have a passion for writing code and also appreciate the customer experience.be able to prove your technical chops by showing us what youve been working on outside of university. You may have played around with a new framework, learned a new language, built (or partially built) something, been active on Stack Overflow, or have a great GitHub profile.be a great communicator who likes to work closely in a team environment, and be able to take a logical, analytical approach to your work, cope with change and be eager to learn.Xero is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
BOSTON VA HEALTHCARE SYSTEMBOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS Come join us in Boston at The VA Boston Healthcare System (VABHS), New England's premier referral center for Veterans' healthcare and named among the Top 100 Places to Work in by the Boston Globe. The Massachusetts Veterans Epidemiological Research and Information Center (MAVERIC) in VABHS has 2 full-time Database Developer/Engineer openings for professionals passionate about serving Veterans and in designing and managing complex large databases for precision medicine, predictively analytics, and Learning Health Systems. You will enjoy working with cutting-edge technologies in a strong collegial, friendly, and talented team of computer scientists, informaticists, clinicians, and software developers. The successful candidate will have experience as a database developer, demonstrating technical and organizational skills specially applied to the design and creation of robust data repository to support clinical research activities. Specifically, success will require: collaborating with clinical operations and research teams to define product requirements and create high level architecture specifications for data collection and analysis; designing, implementing and maintaining the various technical components of the database system; formalizing the process to use adjudicated data, data modeling, ETL and other data pull processes and reporting; and collaborating technically with other team members to carry projects to completion. The position requires extensive working knowledge of SQL database and development environment; a minimum of a Bachelor’s Degree (in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related fields); a minimum of 1 years of experience in database design; and experience in data modeling of genomic and epidemiological and other large data bases, data warehousing, architecture of ETL environments, and excellent written and oral communication skills. Recent graduates are encouraged to apply. Those who are interested in pursuing an academic career are also encouraged to apply and become an active member of our research team. If providing care for our veterans is something that appeals to you while enjoying amazing benefits, in addition to working and living in an area rich in history, culture, and recreational opportunities, this position is for you! Applicants should submit a cover letter and CV or inquiries to Frank.Meng2@va.gov by February 28, 2018. Include “Applicant Database Developer/Engineer” in the e-mail subject line. 

 Apples GPU Software team provides the graphics software foundation across all of Apple's innovative products, including iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, and Watch. Our responsibilities encompass the frameworks, developer tools, and hardware drivers for the GPU and Display devices on all of Apples hardware.  This team recently announced Metal 2 which provides near-direct access to the graphics processing unit (GPU), enabling you to maximize the graphics and compute potential of apps on iOS, macOS, and tvOS. Building upon an efficient low-overhead architecture with precompiled shaders, fine-grained resource control, and multithreading support, Metal 2 further boosts performance by enabling the GPU to take more control of the rendering pipeline. Moving beyond just graphics, Metal 2 provides deep support for GPU-accelerated machine learning and offers enhanced developer tools that make it even easier to debug, optimize, and deploy Metal apps. On Mac, Metal 2 adds support for virtual reality (VR) rendering and external GPUs, and provides new APIs and optimizations to help developers embrace these emerging technologies within their apps.  Key Qualifications: 10+ years of industry experience, with 3+ years of management experience leading a SW development teamDeep technical understanding of SW development and lifecycleExcellent software design, problem solving and debugging skillsExperience with driver or operating system developmentStrong communication and teamwork skills  Description: The team is now seeking a Software Development Manager who will be responsible for building and leading a team involved in the development of graphics drivers for Apple platforms. The position requires strong communication and problem-solving skills as well as an ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment with changing priorities. The ability to work as a team player is critical, as this hands-on position requires collaborating with engineers cross-functionally. Experience leading a SW development team, as well as a proven track record of bringing products to market are essential to this role. Responsibilities:Lead a team of high performing SW engineersCollaborate effectively with teams cross functionally to ensure the successful delivery of SW on an aggressive schedule  Education:BS/MS CS/EE.  Additional Requirements:Experience with 3D graphics and OpenGL, OpenCL, DirectX, D3D or other GPU programming APIsUnderstanding of modern 3D rendering techniquesDeep knowledge of GPU and CPU architectures Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 Do you visualize your future at NVIDIA? WE DO!  For over two decades, we have pioneered visual computing, the art and science of computer graphics. With our invention of the GPU - the engine of modern visual computing - the field has expanded to encompass PC games, movie production, product design, medical diagnosis, scientific research, computer vision, and deep learning. Today, visual computing is becoming increasingly central to how people interact with technology, and there has never been a more exciting time to join our team.  We are now in the best position to take mobile visual computing to the next, previously unimagined level with Tegra, NVIDIA’s System-on-Chip (SoC). Tegra is powering a wide range of devices, from our own SHIELD consumer products to next-generation cars. We are looking for someone to solve increasingly difficult challenges in visual computing with a great, fun team. What you'll be doing:You will be working on multiple levels of Mobile Graphics, from single pixels to multiple displays, from low-level graphics drivers to the Android Display HAL.You will help identify bottlenecks, and implement performance and power optimizations anywhere in the graphics stack.You'll participate in defining the display features of future Android versions.You will implement the latest display technology advancements on our SHIELD products.What we need to see:BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering.You have a strong software engineering, architecture, and design skills (5+ years)You will need to have excellent C/C++ programming and debugging skills combined with a dedication to solve hard problems.A deep understanding of 2D/3D graphics fundamentals. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Close affinity to acronyms like RGB, YUV, CSC, HDMI and ICC is a huge plus.You understand and have a appreciation of mobile systems architecture and operating systems.Android working experience, native development is a plus.Flexibility to work and communicate effectively in a multi-national, multi-time-zone corporate environment. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us and due to unprecedented growth, our world-class engineering teams are rapidly growing fast. If you're creative, autonomous and enjoy having fun, than what are you waiting for apply today!  NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 We are seeking a SoftwareDeveloper – Risk and Compliance to help design, build, and operate our state of the art trading systems. What will you be doing? As the member of a software project team, you will be doing work that directly affects our ability to trade every day. You will work with a strong team of developers & analysts that will create, maintain and support the tools and software that make up our mission-critical risk and compliance applications. On any given day you may find yourself doing the following: Writing C++, python, Java Script, React, or Lua routines and libraries in a Linux environmentBuilding applications that leverage internal data to meet various risk and compliance reporting requirementsAnalyzing enormous amounts of data in near real-time.Learning how exchanges work; learning how trading works; learning how Quantlab operatesWho are you?You are a continuous learner, passionate about technology and want to know how things workYou have a proven record of delivering high-quality software in a Linux environmentYou take initiative, own your work, and are persistent in following your products into productionYou develop manageable and maintainable software; you build things you’re proud ofYou are smart. Challenges excite you. You easily abstract simplicity from complex systemsYou leverage engineering best practices like Continuous Delivery and TDD for fast feedback and learning cyclesOur ideal candidates bring many of the following attributes to the table.Expertise building software in modern C++, Java Script, React, Lua, or python.Understands static or dynamic languages and selecting the right tool for the jobHave worked in event driven transaction model or collection pipelinesExperience building fault tolerant applications able to withstand hardware or network failuresUnderstanding of and experience with Continuous Delivery and DeploymentExperience using mysql or mariaDB is a bonus but not requiredExperience with React and full stack development is a bonus but not requiredExperience in the automated trading domain is a bonus but not requiredWhat you’ll get:The unique opportunity to work alongside talented and passionate experts who take pride in delivering resultsGreat compensation and attractive bonus structureGenerous benefits plan structure including an option for fully paid health insurance premiums for individualsFree catered lunches every day with snacks and beverages provided dailyWeekly in-house professional massagesFully paid, on-site gym membershipTickets to sporting and theater eventsCasual dressCompany events, often including employees’ families.Who we are: Quantlab Financial, LLC is a dynamic, technology-driven firm supporting a large-scale quantitative trading operation across a wide range of global financial markets. Founded in 1998, Quantlab is an established presence and one of the pioneers in quantitative investment management with a track record of consistent profitability under varying market conditions.  Quantlab Financial supports a very successful proprietary trading organization (similar to a hedge fund, but no outside investors, so we are much more stable). We invest heavily in the latest technologies, seeking to optimize performance and minimize latency throughout our trading systems. Why you should work with us: Technology and Scientific Research are central to our business and key to our success. We are constantly pushing the boundaries of technology, from high performance computing (HPC) clusters attached to petabytes of storage, to ultra-low latency hardware (FPGA, RF, servers and switches), to highly optimized operating systems, and applications developed in-house. Quantlab attracts very talented and collaborative people who bring fresh and interdisciplinary solutions to trading. Our business casual environment has an entrepreneurial spirit that encourages creativity, agility, and continuous improvement.
Job Description The Software Development Engineer plays a key role and is an integral part of the development team in the design and development of Utilidata’s exciting next generation platform that will enable multiple smart grid applications that drive energy efficiency and renewable integration into the electric power grid. The candidate will be working with cutting edge tools and technologies that modernize the electric grid.  Position Requirements Reports to the Vice President of Product Development or designateAbility to work in a team environment interfacing with integration engineers, product managers, QA and technical supportAbility to work with high productivity and under tight deadlines Experience Solid understanding of C++ software developmentPrevious experience with developing distributed systems and applications on Linux (RedHat or embedded) a must4 – 10 years experience developing one or more commercial productsNetworking experience with TCP/IP based protocols and socket programming is a plusAbility to work with existing code and integrate new modules using C++ and object oriented designPrevious experience with Qt a plusKnowledge and experience with DNP3 a plusExperience with distributed ‘schema-less’ NoSQL databases and data analytics in a large big-data framework is a plusExperience with Hadoop clusters is a plus.SkillsC++, C, XMLMySQL, Oracle, or other databaseMultithreaded and object oriented designLinux/Unix development environmentEffective written and verbal communication skillsEducationBS in Computer Science or equivalent. Masters degree preferred.
 For the right individual, Sonos will offer relocation reimbursement to our Boston, MA, Seattle, WA, or Santa Barbara, CA offices.  At Sonos, we are passionate about creating and delivering the finest HiFi audio systems in the world to our customers. Our products stream all the music on earth, in every room, wirelessly, and you control it all from the palm of your hand.  As a Senior Software Engineer on a Smart Speaker platform development team, you will work on a dynamic team responsible for working with our strategic partners to create the most compelling smart speaker on the market. You will collaborate with some of the brightest minds in the business across multiple software groups to architect and deliver an integrated solution.  If you love music, solving challenging software problems, and doing things the right way every time, wed like to talk to you!* Design, build and enhance the embedded software functionality that controls, plays and distributes audio throughout the multi-room Sonos system. Develop control capabilities and APIs to expand 3rd party services.Collaborate with cloud partners to develop solutions in our embedded software platform.Architect solutions that ensure clean SDK integrations into an existing codebase.Create features to enhance our third-party developer experience when integrating with Sonos.Work side by side with partners on tough, but interesting integration challenges.We're looking for engineers of varying backgrounds and experience levels with the qualifications below:Experience shipping reliable, extensible and maintainable software.C/C++ developer with strong object-oriented design skills.Understanding of API design and experience developing an API platform and/or SDK.Experience with cloud, RESTful APIs, HTTP technologies and with a range of 3rd party API platforms.Experience with TCP, UDP and other networking protocols.Experience with memory management, multi-threaded development and system optimizations.Ability to effectively engage in written and verbal technical communication with our partners.Agile software development methodology.Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline.Nice to have:Embedded/IoT application development a plus.Familiarity with web application security, SSL, OAuth.Home automation development a plus.Voice application development a plus.Python coding experience a plus.
 What You'll Do  We're looking for a bright and motivated Software engineer to join the Enterprise Routing platform development team. As part of this team you'll have the opportunity to work on a variety of assignments in industry leading Linux infrastructure and Linux based platform software areas.  You will also have the opportunity to define, implement and drive development on ARTG's next generation Linux-based access platforms.  Who You'll Work With  Enterprise Routing has one of the most successful businesses within Cisco. The Integrated Services Router is an extremely successful platform that has over 85% market share. The ENCS family of server based appliances continued that rich tradition in the Virtualized services market. If you want to get exposure to a wide variety of hardware platforms and Virtualization technologies, this is the right group to join.  Who You Are  Minimum qualification  You must be motivated, driven and a team player. You should be willing to learn quickly and be enthusiastic about working on a wide range of product areas. You must work well independently and as part of a team. Strong communication skills are essential.  You must have a strong background in software development including specification, implementation and testing.  From a technical point of view you should have some familiarity with at least some of the following areas: Linux platform developmentVirtualization technologies (KVM would be a plus)Server platform developmentDriver developmentLinux kernel developmentRouting protocolsHardware bring up Specific experience in the following areas will be helpful: KVM knowledgeBootloader developmentCIMC developmentx86 driver developmentC programmingPython programmingLinux kernel porting, patching, etc Typically requires MSEE/CS combined with 3-5 years of related experience, or BSEE/CS combined with 5-7 yrs related experience.  Why Cisco  We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.  We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  We Are Cisco. LI-RS1

 ISE (Identity Services Engine) is a fast growing product within Cisco's Core software group. ISE is winner of Cisco Pioneer award and have been awarded the best NAC solution by SC magazine for 2015, 2016. Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) is an identity-based access control policy platform that enables enterprises to enforce compliance, enhance infrastructure security and streamline their service operations in any environment—wired, wireless or VPN. Its unique architecture allows enterprises to gather real time contextual information from network, users, and devices to make proactive governance decisions by tying identity back into various network elements including access switches, wireless controllers, VPN gateways, and datacenter switches. Cisco ISE is a core component of the Cisco TrustSec solution and Cisco's DNA (Digital Network Architecture). Qualifications/Skills: • 8-11 year’s software and architecture experience in a technology based company with 4+ years focused on cloud environments and their supporting infrastructures  • Experience in the design and development of cloud-native scaled out and distributed applications that leverage micro service architecture, REST APIs, relational and NoSQL stores, some level of networking and system expertise, strong tooling, monitoring, and cloud management experience  • Strong experience working in small, highly technical teams employing Agile/Scrum practices  • Ability to deliver results in a short time and experience working in fast paced high growth tech companies  • Proven ability to pull a diverse group of individuals with different goals together to facilitate, moderate, and influence productive discussions driving towards results  • Strong knowledge of key infrastructure technologies such as: Database (Oracle, Postgres, MySQL. Big Data and NOSQL Databases like Cassandra, Elastic Search, Mongo. In Memory DB like Timesten, Redis, Dynomite), Cloud Services (DaaS, IaaS, PaaS, SaaS), Networking (LAN, WAN), Platform, continuous delivery solutions (AWS, Azure, Google) and Storage Technologies (UNIX, LINUX, Windows, SAN) Required Experience: • Hands-on experience with a broad mix of technologies including a strong subset of:   ◦ Core Java 8, Spring framework, SpringBoot, Spring Cloud,  ◦ Angular JS, React  ◦ Cloud Foundry (or equivalent),  ◦ MariaDB, EnterpriseDB, NoSQL (Cassandra, MongoDB, Elastic search), IMDG  ◦ RabbitMQ,Kafka  ◦ AWS Web Services,  ◦ API gateway,  ◦ Linux, Unix systems  ◦ Drools/Activiti, and a range of open source libraries.  ◦ CI/CD (Jenkins, GitHub, SonarQube, Fortify etc.).  • Demonstrated experience and expertise selling solutions to business decision-makers by reinforcing the value of solutions.  • Demonstrated experience in developing and executing an integrated architectural view of, and strategy for, enterprise-wide database infrastructure technology solutions.  • Demonstrated experience with High Performing and Highly Available Distributed Database Topologies, Database Platform and Storage Technologies, Data Migration, System Management and Monitoring Tools, Cloud Services, Big Data and Datacenter Facilities.  • Demonstrated experience working in agile teams.  • Ability to work with highly distributed teams, including interaction with the open source communities. Responsibilities: • Continuously drive development efficiencies aligned with the development standards  • Provide leadership and expertise in the design of new products, services and processes.  • Recommend and justify changes to existing products, services and processes.  • Lead in the development of the technical solution or offering, in translating the business needs into technical requirements.   • Identify gaps, strategic impacts, financial impacts and the risk profile in the technical solution and provide technical recommendations. 
Individual will be responsible for software development in Embedded Android devices including development of the SW design and implementation of the next generation of public safety device core applications, public safety features, and LTE SW development.Your responsibilities will range from requirements gathering, architecture, driving solutions, design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and enhance mobile android applicationsExperienced software engineer with knowledge and hands-on experience in Android Framework development.Lead development capabilities, ability to guide & mentor other engineersHigh ownership, self-sufficient, hands-on leader to drive quality and maintain application stabilityAbility to deliver multiple simultaneous projects on timeAble to brainstorm and communicate technology decisions and issues with peers and management• Strong ability and enthusiasm to learn new technologies in a short timeKnowledge of Marketing principles and functions and the challenges working with marketing and creative teamsAble to work effectively in a distributed team environmentDesired Skils:Ability to work in both the Linux device driver/HAL layers as well as Android Framework layers is preferred.Experience in embedded device power management techniques as they relate to Android platforms is a plus.Expertise in mobile device emerging technologies is a plus, including Smartphone LTE architectures, geo-location technologies, camera/video, and touch screen displays is a plus.Experience in embedded device power management techniques as they relate to Android platforms is a plus.Ability to work in both the Linux device driver/HAL layers as well as Android Framework layers is preferred.Familiarity or experience with Agile/Scrum methodology and practices is preferred.Product SW development experience working with Cellular Carrier (eg. VzW, ATT, etc) is a plus.Experience or proven competency in Java and Android Frameworks.Knowledgeable in the following: C, C++, Linux, RTOS’s, LTE Modem Architecture, Object Oriented Design/Architecture, UML, device driver development, and software configuration management (GIT preferred).
 If you have proven experience in a handful of the following, we want to hear from you. Java 8+SpringHibernateGroovy / GrailsWeb Services / Microservices / SOAServerless ArchitecturesResponsive WebREST/JSONJS / Angular / React / Vue / NodeJMS / AMQP / Camel / MuleAWS/AzureElasticOracle / MySQL / SQLAgile / SCRUM / TDDGit / Atlassian Suite bonus experience Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent work experienceSuccess working on high performance teamsDelivered solutions in large scale enterprise environmentsPrior consulting or professional services experienceMotivated to continually improve your craft, sharing and learning every dayExceptional integrity with the desire to create the best possible customer outcomes what's in it for you? Full-time salaried position with sdg, a 10-time Best Place to WorkEngaged teammates who care about quality solutionsChallenging and rewarding work with great customersAbundant opportunities to give back to the communityProud supporter of the Minnesota Tech Diversity PledgeA company proven to make decisions based on its core valuesA true stake in success. sdg is an ESOP, 100% employee ownedYear-round technology & social events to stay sharp and have funMembership in the best technology community in the Twin Cities
Policy Compliance – Qualys Policy Compliance (PC) is a cloud service that performs automated security configuration assessments on IT systems throughout your network. It helps you to reduce risk and continuously comply with internal policies and external regulations. It is the fastest growing product of Qualys, is used by enterprises such as Wells Fargo, Bank of America, Amazon, Microsoft, Accenture, Pfizer and more.  Looking for talented, enthusiastic and motivated QA Development Engineer who will be part of Policy Compliance team to test Signatures in CloudAgent and Scanner based.Being a part of Policy compliance team you will get to work on numerous global security standards like CIS, NIST, HIPPA, PCI-DSS and others and at the same time work on various Unix/Linux, Windows and Applications .  Responsibilities: Create tests plans, test infrastructure and reports.Strong understanding of Software QA Cycle and QA Process.Design, implement, and automate end-to-end tests and frameworksProvision and manage cloud agents across Unix/Linux and Windows platforms.Create reports detailing test failures, test coverage, and system performanceAnalyze data and make recommendation to development team to build Quality product.Develop Scripts to handle WEB API’s to manage CloudAgents for datacollection and reporting. Qualifications: BS/MS in Computer Science or a related fieldBS with 4-6 (MS +2) years of industry experience as QA Development Engineer or similar.Strong understanding of QA techniques and procedures such as regression, Black/White Box, integration and other software QA cycles.Experience with development using Python or Perl or php and basic understanding of HTTP and HTTPS. Good SQL experience with databases like MySql, Oracle or other databases.Excellent knowledge in Unix/Linux administration and configuration.Excellent Communication skillsStrong Knowledge in scripting / programming in the Unix/Linux environment.Plus:Familiarity with regular expressionsNetworking/Systems knowledgeWorking with source control (SVN) and bug tracking tools (JIRA)
 Title Source is one of the largest provider of title insurance, property valuations and settlement services in the nation. The company is an authorized agent of the highest-rated title insurers in the industry, and its solutions power many of the nation’s largest residential lending institutions. Title Source is a preferred provider to five of the top twenty Fortune 100 companies and many of the largest residential mortgage lenders. The company is based in Detroit, Michigan and retains regional operating centers in Ohio, California, Pennsylvania and Texas.  Unlike most technology teams, we focus on the business of our company. If you want to be on the leading edge of leveraging technology to solve business problems, we want to talk to you. ResponsibilitiesCollaborate with other developers, architects, QA, system engineers and product managers in solving new and existing technical issuesUnderstand requirements, implement designs, provide administration tools, and documentation for specific projectsDevelop in C# .NET environment, developing Web Applications, WCF, Web Services and Web APIsPerform regular on-call dutiesParticipate in Design and Code ReviewsFollow and enhance existing development processesMeasure and verify that new and old code has acceptable performance and scalabilityMaintain ownership of the projects assignedConsistently meet project deadlinesRequirementsObject Oriented programming experienceExperience in general software development methodologiesExperience with .Net 3.5/4.0/4.5 framework and C# requiredStrong experience in building ASP.NET MVC (preferably versions 3.0, 4.0 or 5.0) applications.Strong understanding of IIS/RESTful API/Web Service / XMLDirect experience in SQL ServerAbility to understand and start projects quicklyTeam-oriented experience and very good oral and written communication highly desiredWhat’ll Make You SpecialAny experience with OCR (Optical Character Recognition)Any experience with document scanning libraries (Atalasoft)Any experience with AEM (Adobe Experience Manager)Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision, and much moreOpportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth trainingOther incentives, contests and rewards including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and moreWhy We’re Different Meet the anti-corporate culture of Title Source, where there's no daunting hierarchy, "boss" is a four-letter word, and if you work hard you're the one who'll reap the rewards, both personally and professionally. More than any other place you'll work, we’re dedicated to honing your skills, helping you grow and making sure you have plenty of fun while you’re at it.  Title Source is an equal-opportunity employer.
Principal Software Developer Information SecurityWe deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance. As Liberty Mutual continues to strengthen its leadership position in the Industry, we have launched new programs to advance our customer focused cutting edge technology to increase our competitive advantage.About the job:As a hands on Principal Software Developer in Global Information Security you will have a crucial role in this transformation. Working on a security scrum team, the successful candidate will evaluate and, as necessary, build out and innovate on our Identity controls that help strengthen our cybersecurity posture. Responsibilities:Develop roles based access controls to grand access to Liberty Mutual employees based on job level and department alignment.Develop a new user experience for access requests.Devise or modify procedures to solve highly complex problems. Lead projects or subprojects of highly technical complexity and responsible for directing and monitoring the work of team members. Responsible for system analysis, design, coding, testing, debugging, and documentation. Responsible for quality assurance review. May provide mentorship to new developers and team.Desired skills: Experience developing and using Source Code Version Control Systems like Git or Subversion, including branching, merging, and managing code releases/versions.Experience working with Oracle, MS-SQL, SQL, Jboss, Pentaho, Informatica, Splunk, and ESPFront end development with Java, JavaScript, Ruby on RailsExperience with Active DirectoryDeveloping end to end applications in a fully scaled Agile environment.Backend configuration experienceWe take care of our employeesWe strongly believe that a great job should keep you happy both at workand in life. Thats why we offer:Workplace Flexibility Wellness PerksCollaborative workspacesSit/stand desks Career development, programs and classesDiversity & Inclusion programs Commuter BenefitsAdoption AssistanceCollege Savings PlanEducation reimbursement Hackathon EventsLiberty Mutual was named as a 2016 Great Place to Work by Great Place to Work US. For more info about our benefits - https://www.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/working-here/benefits Learn more about Tech at Liberty Mutual - http://www.jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/technology-jobsCheck out our Tech at Liberty Mutual YouTube playlist - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxUNmyJ_IIGx9yoUJfQ8k5APAK3-KAa6j Job:  Technology Primary Location: United States-New Hampshire-PortsmouthSchedule: Full-timeSalary: $105,500-$136,500Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years)
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.  We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply. Summary: Under general supervision and with regular review, this position researches, designs, develops and/or modifies enterprise-wide end-user, system level, and data management software applications. Contributes in planning of application development and deployment as well as responsible for meeting software compliance standards. Evaluates integration of software applications with the overall computing environment. Responsible for documentation, testing, maintenance, and software updates. Communicates with domain experts, users, and management throughout the software development lifecycle. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:Determine user requirements and specifications and plan for software development within the broader organizational scope. Software development includes end-user, system level, and data management applications,Formulate detailed plans for the implementation of software solutions. In addition to program design this includes determining language, platform, and resource requirements.Implementation of design including coding, testing, and documentation.Deployment of applications across the enterprise including cross- platform compliance and insuring availability of necessary resources.Code maintenance including debugging and updating to keep pace with the evolving environment.Assist in planning for future applications based on new developments in computer technology.Communicate with the software developer group, with users, and with management as well as with the wider community through the publishing and presentation of technical papers.Maintain the strict confidentiality of sensitive information.Perform other duties as assigned.Responsible for observing all laws, regulations and other applicable obligations wherever and whenever business is conducted on behalf of the Company.Expected to work in a safe manner in accordance with established operating procedures and practices.Typically requires a bachelors or masters degree in computer science, information systems or related discipline and two or more years progressive software development experience with a bachelors degree. May substitute equivalent experience in lieu of education.Must have a general understanding of software development concepts, principles, and theory and demonstrate the ability to follow and apply the use of programming and analysis concepts.Must possess the ability to understand new concepts quickly and apply them accurately throughout an evolving environment and organize work assignments to meet established timetables.Good communication, computer and interpersonal skills are required to enable an effective interface with other professionals, to produce appropriate documentation, and to present results to a internal audience.The ability to work independently and as part of a team is essential.Must be able to work extended hours as required.
 SunnyvaleSunnyvaleCalifornia [CA]United States [US] Position: Software Engineer Position Overview Fortinet is looking for a Software Development Engineer with strong networking and system design experience to join our team. This is a great opportunity to immerse yourself in all phases of the software development cycle to reach new product launches and feature development for our new security solutions for vehicle. This position offers a large scope of experience and direct involvement with complex and innovative technology. In addition, you will be working alongside a close-knit team of experienced software, hardware and ASIC developers. Job Responsibilities• Participate in design and implement vehicle security and cloud based security product• Linux kernel/driver development for ARM/X86 based system• Improve performance of our existing software• Experiment solutions based on new research or techniques• Research and understand (draft) industry standard, provide security solution base on the standard Job Requirements• Strong C programming skill• Strong networking protocols and system design knowledge• Deep understanding of TCP/IP network protocols• Highly motivated, positive, detail oriented and responsible• Good team player and good communication skills• Experience in networking and security technologies (firewall, routing, anti-virus, intrusion prevention, virtual private network)• Nice to have virtualization knowledge and implementation details• Nice to have vehicle related knowledge, like CAN bus, V2X standard• Knowledge of Chrome browser implementation will be a big plus Education RequirementB.S. in EE/CS or M.S. in EE/CS with Minimum 3 years’ experience #GD #LI-EL1
 We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Junior level Software Developers.  Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k

 What You'll Do The Data Center Networking Group at Cisco provides next generation data center and cloud management solutions with its Application Centric Infrastructure products. Be part of a team transforming next gen data center architecture to build products which are uniquely positioned to transform the datacenter and cloud deployment landscape by adopting an application centric policy driven approach whereby the compute, storage and networking needs of applications drive the underlying infrastructure. You will be working on cutting edge products that secure, analyze, monitor application workloads across the globe in public and private clouds. You will be working with various virtualization technologies from VMware, Microsoft, Red Hat and open source vendors. Please read our CTO’s blog about latest innovations: https://blogs.cisco.com/news/aci-anywhere Who You'll Work With You will be working with a team of dynamic professionals who are passionate in designing and developing world's fastest growing cloud development platform. The environment within the team here is challenging and will give people who are driven an opportunity to influence and impact the way Customers will use our products and transform their business. Who You Are You will  • Build efficient and reusable code  • Collaborate with other teams in a fast paced agile environment  • Constantly improve and innovate to produce highly cohesive and functional applications  • Identify and communicate best practices Minimum QualificationsMS/PhD in Computer Science or related fields.Expert at one or more of programming languages: C/C++, Go, Java, Python on LinuxSolid foundation in data structures, algorithms and software design with strong analytical and debugging skills.Desired SkillsExperienced in designing, building and debugging large scale distributed systems.Experience in virtualization and cloud technologies.Experience in Networking and Security servicesFamiliar with agile practices and believes in test driven development.Why Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren't afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco.

About Us:SHOWTIME and its critically-acclaimed, award-winning original series continue to make their mark on the cultural landscape, with one of the most successful programming lineups in all of television. The SHOWTIME programming slate has made the network among the most talked about in the business, with hits that have included HOMELAND, SHAMELESS, BILLIONS, RAY DONOVAN, THE AFFAIR, DICE, the upcoming series I’M DYING UP HERE, the limited series GUERRILLA and PURITY, and the highly anticipated return of TWIN PEAKS. Original series play a key part in the SHOWTIME programming mix, along with box office hits, comedy and music specials, provocative documentaries, and hard-hitting sports programming, including the flagship franchise SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING ®.  Showtime Networks Inc. owns and operates the premium television networks SHOWTIME®, THE MOVIE CHANNEL™ and FLIX®, and also offers SHOWTIME ON DEMAND®, THE MOVIE CHANNEL™ ON DEMAND and FLIX ON DEMAND®, and the network's authentication service SHOWTIME ANYTIME®. Showtime Digital Inc. operates the stand-alone streaming service SHOWTIME®. SNI also manages Smithsonian Networks™ which offers Smithsonian Channel™ and Smithsonian Earth™ through SN Digital LLC. For more information, go to www.SHO.comDescription:Showtime Networks seeks an extraordinary developer with primary focus on backend Java (actually Groovy, but we'll happily teach you), but with interest and experience in other languages and technologies. You will be creative, self-motivated, a quick study, and willing to develop new skills while constantly improving existing abilities. You should also be a strong multi-tasker with solid time-management skills. In this position, you will build the frontend and backend frameworks for our Showtime standalone streaming service and TV Everywhere service, Showtime Anytime. Overview: You will join a close-knit team of developers with a wide range of skills to build and support always-on products (high-performance web sites, iOS and Android apps, apps for other platforms like connected TVs and game consoles) and the associated web service platform they run on. Showtime applications are valuable to millions of subscribers, so it's key that you write code that easily scales horizontally. We’re building the future of television, and growing to support new platforms--and as we expand the service, we’ll get to play with some great tech. Key Technologies You'll Master: · Groovy + Spring  · Mongo + Redis + Elastic Search  · macOS, Linux, Amazon Web Services  · Maven, Git, JIRA, Bamboo, etc.Qualifications:Qualifications: · 6+ years of development experience, ideally for high-availability consumer products  · Deep understanding of POOP (Principles of Object Oriented Programming)  · Background in web development and database development  · Familiarity with web applications, architectures, and deployment  · Degree in Computer Science (or equivalent) is preferred but not necessary ExperienceBonus Items: · Crafting high-volume clustered sites  · Node, PHP/Zend, Rails or Django  · iOS or Android development, either personally or professionally  · Developing for game consoles or smart TVs #LI-EF1 #diceEEO Statement:Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled
 What You'll Do You’re extremely motivated Software Engineer and passionate about learning and contributing to the team and the business with "can do" attitude.  o Strong design/programming ethic. Knowledge of designing large-scale systems in C/C++ environments is helpful.  o Dedication to Quality: Ability to ensure and commit to a higher standard of quality than usual in the face of time to market pressures.  o Strong OS fundamentals and networking concepts is a requirement.  o In-depth experience in designing networking systems with L2, L3 and multicast background Responsibilities: Participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation Campus switching architectures. Define, architect, design, and deliver new software and features for the Campus switching platforms  Day to day activities will involve building new features, understanding features in a competitive product and proposing solutions that work for our platform, writing functional and design specifications, programming, unit and integration testing your code, helping review specifications and code for other software engineers in the team, helping documentation team with the configuration aspects of your feature. Who You'll Work With The Wireless Networking Group (WNG) is the industry leader in enterprise WLAN with a proven track record in building innovative wireless solutions. We are looking for passionate and dedicated Embedded Linux savvy programmers to form the core of a new team delivering service provide features for a key segment of wireless customers.  Do you enjoy spearheading innovation through personal initiative? Would it excite you to be part of a highly motivated best of breed engineering team who is redefining and refreshing the software portfolio for Cisco's Wireless access points? Would you like to challenge yourself in driving a key technology transition in the Wireless Industry while working the market leader? Would you cherish to develop code using the most modern development methods using a test driven development focus? Can you demonstrates the ability to develop software with a system-level focus while understanding the impact of every component, work with minimal supervision, collaborate with a cross-functional team and leverages technical knowledge and project management experience to accomplish the goals. Who You Are o You are a Software engineer with 5+ years of experience with BS/MS in computer systems, software and architecture.  o Expertise in 802.11 a, b/g, n protocols  o Understanding of LAN/WAN routing/switching and other network layer protocols  o You possess the aptitude to multi-task in fast-paced environment  o You have at least 3 years of Linux embedded development experience  o You are good with writing distributed platform and system software  o You are desired to have experienced with board bringup, writing and debugging device drivers  o Deep understanding of Linux and network resource management  o You are an excellent C programmer and possess strong analytical and logical solving skills  o You have experience with CPU/Memory Management/IO and Virtualization technologies  o You have a deep expertise of the network protocol stack, including L2 switching and IP Routing, TCP/IP  o Prefer strong skills in Python/Perl scripting Desired Skills: o Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, good teammate  You should be able to own large portions of the software from a technical perspective  o Handle multiple tasks at once and work independently with minimal managerial mentorship.  Have experience in customer deployment.  o Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  o Strong team building skills. This role requires the ability to work across departments and with other teams  o Be open to continuous learning and committed to ongoing self-improvement.*LI-RS1
 SunnyvaleSunnyvaleCalifornia [CA]United States [US] Junior Software Development Engineer- AMRD2014Department Overview:The Burn-in Test Development Department develops Burn-in test programs to support Burn-in test/QC test, which supports all products ready for release and shipping. This department also develops test programs for NPI (New Product Introduction) test, which is used for testing new platform designs, prior to production.Responsibilities:Writing scripts and programs to support QC test task at company levelWriting test framework to satisfy various test case, make it consistent and flexible.Setting up environment to do product testing, bug reproducing and verificationWorking closely with product developers to ensure defects are correctly identified/reproduced and fixedDesigning and writing test checklist, test specification, bug reports, etc for new device modelProviding product technical support for both internal and external users as well.Requirements:Good knowledge of TCP/IP, routing and switching protocolsStrong troubleshooting and problem solving skillsCommunicate effectively, both verbal and writtenFamiliarity with Perl/Python/Shell script programming skills, Python is preferredFluency with Linux administrationWith hardworking spirit and teamwork skillEducation: B.S. in EE/CS/CE#LI-EL1#GDFTNT*
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
Check out our new site! xero.com/grads Software Developer InternOur purpose Small business makes the world go round its the heart of the global economy. At Xero we want millions of small businesses to thrive through beautiful software, advice and connections. We aim to make being a small business more efficient and profitable, and more enjoyable too. How youll make an impact The role of the Developer Intern is to undertake, under the guidance of a mentor, software application development on applications in our suite of Products (including new ones), contributing to new or improved experiences for our customers, internal and external.  If you love writing code, our team of engineers could be the place for you. We show our customers love by creating great new features and fixing the occasional bug, and we do it all at speed. What you'll do Our Dev interns join a wide range of small product teams, including those that build new strategic applications, make our existing applications even more beautiful, focus on our mobile platform, and ensure that our apps remain highly-available, secure, scalable, robust and high-performing.  Step into our world of full stack developers, front-end and back-end specialists, and quality assurance engineers. You see your code make a difference in the lives of Xero users after each release. You'll work across front-end and back-end components for web, mobile and APIs that build on top of .NET, open-source web frameworks, and Android and iOS all deployed and managed through AWS. Requirements Our teams are comprised of proactive communicators who take initiative and come up with great ideas. We have an agile, highly diverse team of people who are passionate about what they do and motivated to take it to the next level. Were eager to see applications from students with a wide range of qualifications. Ideally, you will: have a passion for writing code and also appreciate the customer experience.be able to prove your technical chops by showing us what youve been working on outside of university. You may have played around with a new framework, learned a new language, built (or partially built) something, been active on Stack Overflow, or have a great GitHub profile.be a great communicator who likes to work closely in a team environment, and be able to take a logical, analytical approach to your work, cope with change and be eager to learn.Xero is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 We are seeking a SoftwareDeveloper – Risk and Compliance to help design, build, and operate our state of the art trading systems. What will you be doing? As the member of a software project team, you will be doing work that directly affects our ability to trade every day. You will work with a strong team of developers & analysts that will create, maintain and support the tools and software that make up our mission-critical risk and compliance applications. On any given day you may find yourself doing the following: Writing C++, python, Java Script, React, or Lua routines and libraries in a Linux environmentBuilding applications that leverage internal data to meet various risk and compliance reporting requirementsAnalyzing enormous amounts of data in near real-time.Learning how exchanges work; learning how trading works; learning how Quantlab operatesWho are you?You are a continuous learner, passionate about technology and want to know how things workYou have a proven record of delivering high-quality software in a Linux environmentYou take initiative, own your work, and are persistent in following your products into productionYou develop manageable and maintainable software; you build things you’re proud ofYou are smart. Challenges excite you. You easily abstract simplicity from complex systemsYou leverage engineering best practices like Continuous Delivery and TDD for fast feedback and learning cyclesOur ideal candidates bring many of the following attributes to the table.Expertise building software in modern C++, Java Script, React, Lua, or python.Understands static or dynamic languages and selecting the right tool for the jobHave worked in event driven transaction model or collection pipelinesExperience building fault tolerant applications able to withstand hardware or network failuresUnderstanding of and experience with Continuous Delivery and DeploymentExperience using mysql or mariaDB is a bonus but not requiredExperience with React and full stack development is a bonus but not requiredExperience in the automated trading domain is a bonus but not requiredWhat you’ll get:The unique opportunity to work alongside talented and passionate experts who take pride in delivering resultsGreat compensation and attractive bonus structureGenerous benefits plan structure including an option for fully paid health insurance premiums for individualsFree catered lunches every day with snacks and beverages provided dailyWeekly in-house professional massagesFully paid, on-site gym membershipTickets to sporting and theater eventsCasual dressCompany events, often including employees’ families.Who we are: Quantlab Financial, LLC is a dynamic, technology-driven firm supporting a large-scale quantitative trading operation across a wide range of global financial markets. Founded in 1998, Quantlab is an established presence and one of the pioneers in quantitative investment management with a track record of consistent profitability under varying market conditions.  Quantlab Financial supports a very successful proprietary trading organization (similar to a hedge fund, but no outside investors, so we are much more stable). We invest heavily in the latest technologies, seeking to optimize performance and minimize latency throughout our trading systems. Why you should work with us: Technology and Scientific Research are central to our business and key to our success. We are constantly pushing the boundaries of technology, from high performance computing (HPC) clusters attached to petabytes of storage, to ultra-low latency hardware (FPGA, RF, servers and switches), to highly optimized operating systems, and applications developed in-house. Quantlab attracts very talented and collaborative people who bring fresh and interdisciplinary solutions to trading. Our business casual environment has an entrepreneurial spirit that encourages creativity, agility, and continuous improvement.
 For the right individual, Sonos will offer relocation reimbursement to our Boston, MA, Seattle, WA, or Santa Barbara, CA offices.  At Sonos, we are passionate about creating and delivering the finest HiFi audio systems in the world to our customers. Our products stream all the music on earth, in every room, wirelessly, and you control it all from the palm of your hand.  As a Senior Software Engineer on a Smart Speaker platform development team, you will work on a dynamic team responsible for working with our strategic partners to create the most compelling smart speaker on the market. You will collaborate with some of the brightest minds in the business across multiple software groups to architect and deliver an integrated solution.  If you love music, solving challenging software problems, and doing things the right way every time, wed like to talk to you!* Design, build and enhance the embedded software functionality that controls, plays and distributes audio throughout the multi-room Sonos system. Develop control capabilities and APIs to expand 3rd party services.Collaborate with cloud partners to develop solutions in our embedded software platform.Architect solutions that ensure clean SDK integrations into an existing codebase.Create features to enhance our third-party developer experience when integrating with Sonos.Work side by side with partners on tough, but interesting integration challenges.We're looking for engineers of varying backgrounds and experience levels with the qualifications below:Experience shipping reliable, extensible and maintainable software.C/C++ developer with strong object-oriented design skills.Understanding of API design and experience developing an API platform and/or SDK.Experience with cloud, RESTful APIs, HTTP technologies and with a range of 3rd party API platforms.Experience with TCP, UDP and other networking protocols.Experience with memory management, multi-threaded development and system optimizations.Ability to effectively engage in written and verbal technical communication with our partners.Agile software development methodology.Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline.Nice to have:Embedded/IoT application development a plus.Familiarity with web application security, SSL, OAuth.Home automation development a plus.Voice application development a plus.Python coding experience a plus.

Individual will be responsible for software development in Embedded Android devices including development of the SW design and implementation of the next generation of public safety device core applications, public safety features, and LTE SW development.Your responsibilities will range from requirements gathering, architecture, driving solutions, design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and enhance mobile android applicationsExperienced software engineer with knowledge and hands-on experience in Android Framework development.Lead development capabilities, ability to guide & mentor other engineersHigh ownership, self-sufficient, hands-on leader to drive quality and maintain application stabilityAbility to deliver multiple simultaneous projects on timeAble to brainstorm and communicate technology decisions and issues with peers and management• Strong ability and enthusiasm to learn new technologies in a short timeKnowledge of Marketing principles and functions and the challenges working with marketing and creative teamsAble to work effectively in a distributed team environmentDesired Skils:Ability to work in both the Linux device driver/HAL layers as well as Android Framework layers is preferred.Experience in embedded device power management techniques as they relate to Android platforms is a plus.Expertise in mobile device emerging technologies is a plus, including Smartphone LTE architectures, geo-location technologies, camera/video, and touch screen displays is a plus.Experience in embedded device power management techniques as they relate to Android platforms is a plus.Ability to work in both the Linux device driver/HAL layers as well as Android Framework layers is preferred.Familiarity or experience with Agile/Scrum methodology and practices is preferred.Product SW development experience working with Cellular Carrier (eg. VzW, ATT, etc) is a plus.Experience or proven competency in Java and Android Frameworks.Knowledgeable in the following: C, C++, Linux, RTOS’s, LTE Modem Architecture, Object Oriented Design/Architecture, UML, device driver development, and software configuration management (GIT preferred).
Policy Compliance – Qualys Policy Compliance (PC) is a cloud service that performs automated security configuration assessments on IT systems throughout your network. It helps you to reduce risk and continuously comply with internal policies and external regulations. It is the fastest growing product of Qualys, is used by enterprises such as Wells Fargo, Bank of America, Amazon, Microsoft, Accenture, Pfizer and more.  Looking for talented, enthusiastic and motivated QA Development Engineer who will be part of Policy Compliance team to test Signatures in CloudAgent and Scanner based.Being a part of Policy compliance team you will get to work on numerous global security standards like CIS, NIST, HIPPA, PCI-DSS and others and at the same time work on various Unix/Linux, Windows and Applications .  Responsibilities: Create tests plans, test infrastructure and reports.Strong understanding of Software QA Cycle and QA Process.Design, implement, and automate end-to-end tests and frameworksProvision and manage cloud agents across Unix/Linux and Windows platforms.Create reports detailing test failures, test coverage, and system performanceAnalyze data and make recommendation to development team to build Quality product.Develop Scripts to handle WEB API’s to manage CloudAgents for datacollection and reporting. Qualifications: BS/MS in Computer Science or a related fieldBS with 4-6 (MS +2) years of industry experience as QA Development Engineer or similar.Strong understanding of QA techniques and procedures such as regression, Black/White Box, integration and other software QA cycles.Experience with development using Python or Perl or php and basic understanding of HTTP and HTTPS. Good SQL experience with databases like MySql, Oracle or other databases.Excellent knowledge in Unix/Linux administration and configuration.Excellent Communication skillsStrong Knowledge in scripting / programming in the Unix/Linux environment.Plus:Familiarity with regular expressionsNetworking/Systems knowledgeWorking with source control (SVN) and bug tracking tools (JIRA)
Principal Software Developer Information SecurityWe deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance. As Liberty Mutual continues to strengthen its leadership position in the Industry, we have launched new programs to advance our customer focused cutting edge technology to increase our competitive advantage.About the job:As a hands on Principal Software Developer in Global Information Security you will have a crucial role in this transformation. Working on a security scrum team, the successful candidate will evaluate and, as necessary, build out and innovate on our Identity controls that help strengthen our cybersecurity posture. Responsibilities:Develop roles based access controls to grand access to Liberty Mutual employees based on job level and department alignment.Develop a new user experience for access requests.Devise or modify procedures to solve highly complex problems. Lead projects or subprojects of highly technical complexity and responsible for directing and monitoring the work of team members. Responsible for system analysis, design, coding, testing, debugging, and documentation. Responsible for quality assurance review. May provide mentorship to new developers and team.Desired skills: Experience developing and using Source Code Version Control Systems like Git or Subversion, including branching, merging, and managing code releases/versions.Experience working with Oracle, MS-SQL, SQL, Jboss, Pentaho, Informatica, Splunk, and ESPFront end development with Java, JavaScript, Ruby on RailsExperience with Active DirectoryDeveloping end to end applications in a fully scaled Agile environment.Backend configuration experienceWe take care of our employeesWe strongly believe that a great job should keep you happy both at workand in life. Thats why we offer:Workplace Flexibility Wellness PerksCollaborative workspacesSit/stand desks Career development, programs and classesDiversity & Inclusion programs Commuter BenefitsAdoption AssistanceCollege Savings PlanEducation reimbursement Hackathon EventsLiberty Mutual was named as a 2016 Great Place to Work by Great Place to Work US. For more info about our benefits - https://www.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/working-here/benefits Learn more about Tech at Liberty Mutual - http://www.jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/technology-jobsCheck out our Tech at Liberty Mutual YouTube playlist - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxUNmyJ_IIGx9yoUJfQ8k5APAK3-KAa6j Job:  Technology Primary Location: United States-New Hampshire-PortsmouthSchedule: Full-timeSalary: $105,500-$136,500Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years)
 General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.  We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply. Summary: Under general supervision and with regular review, this position researches, designs, develops and/or modifies enterprise-wide end-user, system level, and data management software applications. Contributes in planning of application development and deployment as well as responsible for meeting software compliance standards. Evaluates integration of software applications with the overall computing environment. Responsible for documentation, testing, maintenance, and software updates. Communicates with domain experts, users, and management throughout the software development lifecycle. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:Determine user requirements and specifications and plan for software development within the broader organizational scope. Software development includes end-user, system level, and data management applications,Formulate detailed plans for the implementation of software solutions. In addition to program design this includes determining language, platform, and resource requirements.Implementation of design including coding, testing, and documentation.Deployment of applications across the enterprise including cross- platform compliance and insuring availability of necessary resources.Code maintenance including debugging and updating to keep pace with the evolving environment.Assist in planning for future applications based on new developments in computer technology.Communicate with the software developer group, with users, and with management as well as with the wider community through the publishing and presentation of technical papers.Maintain the strict confidentiality of sensitive information.Perform other duties as assigned.Responsible for observing all laws, regulations and other applicable obligations wherever and whenever business is conducted on behalf of the Company.Expected to work in a safe manner in accordance with established operating procedures and practices.Typically requires a bachelors or masters degree in computer science, information systems or related discipline and two or more years progressive software development experience with a bachelors degree. May substitute equivalent experience in lieu of education.Must have a general understanding of software development concepts, principles, and theory and demonstrate the ability to follow and apply the use of programming and analysis concepts.Must possess the ability to understand new concepts quickly and apply them accurately throughout an evolving environment and organize work assignments to meet established timetables.Good communication, computer and interpersonal skills are required to enable an effective interface with other professionals, to produce appropriate documentation, and to present results to a internal audience.The ability to work independently and as part of a team is essential.Must be able to work extended hours as required.
 We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Junior level Software Developers.  Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k

 What You'll Do You’re extremely motivated Software Engineer and passionate about learning and contributing to the team and the business with "can do" attitude.  o Strong design/programming ethic. Knowledge of designing large-scale systems in C/C++ environments is helpful.  o Dedication to Quality: Ability to ensure and commit to a higher standard of quality than usual in the face of time to market pressures.  o Strong OS fundamentals and networking concepts is a requirement.  o In-depth experience in designing networking systems with L2, L3 and multicast background Responsibilities: Participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation Campus switching architectures. Define, architect, design, and deliver new software and features for the Campus switching platforms  Day to day activities will involve building new features, understanding features in a competitive product and proposing solutions that work for our platform, writing functional and design specifications, programming, unit and integration testing your code, helping review specifications and code for other software engineers in the team, helping documentation team with the configuration aspects of your feature. Who You'll Work With The Wireless Networking Group (WNG) is the industry leader in enterprise WLAN with a proven track record in building innovative wireless solutions. We are looking for passionate and dedicated Embedded Linux savvy programmers to form the core of a new team delivering service provide features for a key segment of wireless customers.  Do you enjoy spearheading innovation through personal initiative? Would it excite you to be part of a highly motivated best of breed engineering team who is redefining and refreshing the software portfolio for Cisco's Wireless access points? Would you like to challenge yourself in driving a key technology transition in the Wireless Industry while working the market leader? Would you cherish to develop code using the most modern development methods using a test driven development focus? Can you demonstrates the ability to develop software with a system-level focus while understanding the impact of every component, work with minimal supervision, collaborate with a cross-functional team and leverages technical knowledge and project management experience to accomplish the goals. Who You Are o You are a Software engineer with 5+ years of experience with BS/MS in computer systems, software and architecture.  o Expertise in 802.11 a, b/g, n protocols  o Understanding of LAN/WAN routing/switching and other network layer protocols  o You possess the aptitude to multi-task in fast-paced environment  o You have at least 3 years of Linux embedded development experience  o You are good with writing distributed platform and system software  o You are desired to have experienced with board bringup, writing and debugging device drivers  o Deep understanding of Linux and network resource management  o You are an excellent C programmer and possess strong analytical and logical solving skills  o You have experience with CPU/Memory Management/IO and Virtualization technologies  o You have a deep expertise of the network protocol stack, including L2 switching and IP Routing, TCP/IP  o Prefer strong skills in Python/Perl scripting Desired Skills: o Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, good teammate  You should be able to own large portions of the software from a technical perspective  o Handle multiple tasks at once and work independently with minimal managerial mentorship.  Have experience in customer deployment.  o Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  o Strong team building skills. This role requires the ability to work across departments and with other teams  o Be open to continuous learning and committed to ongoing self-improvement.*LI-RS1
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
What You'll Do You’re extremely motivated Software Engineer and passionate about learning and contributing to the team and the business with "can do" attitude.  o Strong design/programming ethic. Knowledge of designing large-scale systems in C/C++ environments is helpful.  o Dedication to Quality: Ability to ensure and commit to a higher standard of quality than usual in the face of time to market pressures.  o Strong OS fundamentals and networking concepts is a requirement.  o In-depth experience in designing networking systems with L2, L3 and multicast background Responsibilities: Participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation Campus switching architectures. Define, architect, design, and deliver new software and features for the Campus switching platforms  Day to day activities will involve building new features, understanding features in a competitive product and proposing solutions that work for our platform, writing functional and design specifications, programming, unit and integration testing your code, helping review specifications and code for other software engineers in the team, helping documentation team with the configuration aspects of your feature. Who You'll Work With The Wireless Networking Group (WNG) is the industry leader in enterprise WLAN with a proven track record in building innovative wireless solutions. We are looking for passionate and dedicated Embedded Linux savvy programmers to form the core of a new team delivering service provide features for a key segment of wireless customers.  Do you enjoy spearheading innovation through personal initiative? Would it excite you to be part of a highly motivated best of breed engineering team who is redefining and refreshing the software portfolio for Cisco's Wireless access points? Would you like to challenge yourself in driving a key technology transition in the Wireless Industry while working the market leader? Would you cherish to develop code using the most modern development methods using a test driven development focus? Can you demonstrates the ability to develop software with a system-level focus while understanding the impact of every component, work with minimal supervision, collaborate with a cross-functional team and leverages technical knowledge and project management experience to accomplish the goals. Who You Are o You are a Software engineer with 5+ years of experience with BS/MS in computer systems, software and architecture.  o Expertise in 802.11 a, b/g, n protocols  o Understanding of LAN/WAN routing/switching and other network layer protocols  o You possess the aptitude to multi-task in fast-paced environment  o You have at least 3 years of Linux embedded development experience  o You are good with writing distributed platform and system software  o You are desired to have experienced with board bringup, writing and debugging device drivers  o Deep understanding of Linux and network resource management  o You are an excellent C programmer and possess strong analytical and logical solving skills  o You have experience with CPU/Memory Management/IO and Virtualization technologies  o You have a deep expertise of the network protocol stack, including L2 switching and IP Routing, TCP/IP  o Prefer strong skills in Python/Perl scripting Desired Skills: o Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, good teammate  You should be able to own large portions of the software from a technical perspective  o Handle multiple tasks at once and work independently with minimal managerial mentorship.  Have experience in customer deployment.  o Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  o Strong team building skills. This role requires the ability to work across departments and with other teams  o Be open to continuous learning and committed to ongoing self-improvement.*LI-RS1 
 SunnyvaleSunnyvaleCalifornia [CA]United States [US] Junior Software Development Engineer- AMRD2014Department Overview:The Burn-in Test Development Department develops Burn-in test programs to support Burn-in test/QC test, which supports all products ready for release and shipping. This department also develops test programs for NPI (New Product Introduction) test, which is used for testing new platform designs, prior to production.Responsibilities:Writing scripts and programs to support QC test task at company levelWriting test framework to satisfy various test case, make it consistent and flexible.Setting up environment to do product testing, bug reproducing and verificationWorking closely with product developers to ensure defects are correctly identified/reproduced and fixedDesigning and writing test checklist, test specification, bug reports, etc for new device modelProviding product technical support for both internal and external users as well.Requirements:Good knowledge of TCP/IP, routing and switching protocolsStrong troubleshooting and problem solving skillsCommunicate effectively, both verbal and writtenFamiliarity with Perl/Python/Shell script programming skills, Python is preferredFluency with Linux administrationWith hardworking spirit and teamwork skillEducation: B.S. in EE/CS/CE#LI-EL1#GDFTNT*
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
 It is our people behind life’s passions who will make the big difference. If you are interested in becoming part of a company that delivers market leading products, driving your own career and working with brands committed to active lifestyles, then you’ve found your fit.  Have what it takes? Join us. SUMMARY: The Development Engineer is responsible for generating, developing and implementing propulsion, mechanical, electrical, laminate, and structural system designs on marine products built for commercial, law enforcement, and military use. Also responsible for developing new tooling designs as necessary for new product moving forward. This will include use of Computer Aided Design (CAD) software to ensure designs are robust and manufacturing friendly. These designs must meet all necessary internal quality and supplier requirements, be in compliance with all applicable regulatory bodies, and be executed in the most cost-effective, efficient manner. Also responsible for creating technical documentation packages and engineering drawings as necessary. Candidate must have the ability to manage a project from its inception at quotation to its completion at delivery and all phases inclusive. ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Accountable for all phases of product development including quotation of new projects, new component design and documentation, propulsion & mechanical systems development, laminate design, electrical system design, and bill of material (BOM) development.Develop designs for new FRP tooling and/or aluminum structures for new product as required to quickly and accurately respond to market changes and new customer requirements. Develop new product ideas in the form of 2D drawings and/or 3D models.Develop structural designs for stringer systems, aluminum superstructures, engine installations, vessel lift systems and tow post designs.Engineering and implementation of alternative propulsion system technologies into new and existing hull platforms including but not limited to diesel engines, water jet, and sterndrive propulsion systems.Ensure reliable engineering and integration of boat systems including but not limited to propulsion support systems, electrical, fuel, and fire fighting pump systems.Work with Sales to quickly and accurately respond to customer requests for quotation (RFQ).Provide manufacturing support for new designs and facilitate the resolution of production issues as new product moves through the facility to completion.Ensure that all designs meet supplier and internal quality standards and specifications.Collaborate with component suppliers during design, installation, and problem resolution.Provide accurate material and component specifications for the sourcing of new and replacement components.Work with suppliers on the development of new systems and components to ensure continuous improvement in the quality and value of vessel systems.Produce technical documentation packages as required for certain Federal contracts.Ensure compliance as necessary with all regulatory bodies including but not limited to ABS, DNV, ABYC and ISO standards.Ensure adequate and accurate documentation to support manufacturing including but not limited to construction drawings and process work instructions.Develop and compose technical documentation to assist end users with the familiarization of a fully customized vessel.Initiate Engineering Change Notices (ECNs) as necessary to execute and properly document product changes.Travel may be required to meet with prospective customers, benchmark competition and/or support product in the field. Travel time for this position will be less than 10%.Desired Skills and ExperienceKnowledge/EducationBachelor’s Degree in Naval Architecture, Marine Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related discipline required.Consideration will be given for candidates with significant related work experience in lieu of educational requirements.Working knowledge of Small-Craft ISO standards specifically 12217 a plusKnowledge of ABS, DNV, ABYC a plusNMMA compliance certification a plusSkills/ExperienceMinimum of 3 years experience in the design & engineering of powerboats requiredRecreational, commercial, and/or law enforcement boating experience preferred3D CAD experience: NX, Catia, Pro E, AutoCAD/Mechanical Desktop or Rhino preferredLSS and ISO:9001 experience a plusExperience with boat related mechanical & electrical systems and shipboard tender interface systems a plusExperience with firefighting equipment a plusExperience with fiberglass manufacturing processes and aluminum construction techniquesExperience with material properties and application selection for metals and compositesProficiency in PC based tools with a focus on Microsoft Office, AS-400, and general web based applicationsWhile performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts; high, precarious places; fumes or airborne particles; and toxic or caustic chemicals. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. We are the people behind life’s passions.  Brunswick does not accept applications, inquiries or solicitations from unapproved staffing agencies or vendors. For help, please contact our support team at: hrservicecenter@brunswick.com or 1-888-735-4767.  Equal Opportunity Employer: Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled  EEO is The Law - click here for more information  Brunswick and Workday Privacy Policies  #Brunswick Corporation - Boston Whaler
 WebMD’s Health Services business enables employers and health plans to provide their employees and plan members with access to personalized health and benefit information, decision support technology that helps them make informed benefit, provider and treatment choices and provides telephonic health coaching services. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status WebMD Health Services is looking for an experienced software developer to become a key contributor to our rapidly growing private-portal business. As a member of a Client Delivery team, you will customize and maintain our suite of health management tools. You will collaborate with a diverse group of quality analysts, designers, developers, business analysts and client program managers to deliver robust software solutions that meet the needs of our clients. An ideal candidate has an extensive background in object-oriented design and prior experience working cross-functionally using agile methodologies.  In our environment, you will: Contribute to a small cross-functional team in stand-ups, planning meetings and retrospectivesReview project requirements and define acceptance criteria with the teamImplement test fixtures, acceptance tests and unit testsDesign and implement client solutions making appropriate use of software design patterns and best practicesResearch and resolve client-reported issuesEstimate tasks to facilitate planning As a member of WebMD Health Services, you may have access to confidential information that will require you to follow additional protocols to ensure the security of our data. As a core requirement, you must implement and act in accordance with the organization’s information security policies; protect assets from unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, destruction or interference; execute security processes or activities; and report security events or potential events or other security risks to the appropriate parties within the organization. BS in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience2+ years experience with C#, Java, or C++2+ years experience with SQL.Ability to be a leader in a team environment, including interfacing with remote groupsStrong interpersonal skills, written and verbal communicationStrong familiarity with industry-standard software design patternsIndependent time management skillsExperience with ASP.NET web developmentPreferred4+ years of software development experienceExperience working in an Agile or Scrum environmentExperience with JavaScript/JQueryA strong understanding of object-oriented design principlesA strong understanding of Test Driven Design Principles
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
Job Summary This is a position in an interdisciplinary agile development team in a startup specializing in cutting-edge AI and analytics applications / solutions for healthcare industry. A senior software engineer is expected to develop applications, tools and scripts to facilitate the business activity of informatics physicians, scientists, and other team members, and help implement/deploy solutions to the internal/external clients. Scopes, plans, and performs moderately-defined, yet significant development work independently. Possess experience beyond a single stage in a product life cycle and should be able to demonstrate breadth of knowledge typically obtained after multiple years in the industry. Major Responsibilities/Essential FunctionsLeads small/sub-project effort and provides visibility into team accomplishments to other departments/groups.Plans, coordinates and follows through on assignments, and handles multiple tasks simultaneously, seeking guidance as needed.Develops application specifications and perform software development to support requested functionalities. Follows software development standards and best practices consistently on most occasions.Maintain awareness of industry trends and evaluate applicability of new software technologies to platform development effortsProvides demonstrations with rationale, helpful advice, technical assistance, or other supportive resources. May direct technical support employees or the activities of other engineers.Effectively communicates information at different levels in the organization regarding decisions or actions that affect them.Reviews and provides practical feedback on group products and procedures.Leverage is expected at the team or group level.Provides technical feedback on team members' work.Mentors team members acquiring new skills.Exhibits thoroughness, rigor and discipline in problem solving.Seeks out open-source software packages or existing software code that can be reused or applied to assigned tasks.Effectively recognizes obstacles that require additional support and elevates appropriately.Defines the logic, performs coding, tests, and debugs system components.Develops and enforces current programming standards and change management.Independently develop and modify testing components/scripts to support required functions.Guide and help lower level developers in test-driven development (TDD) design/implementation.Work with subject matter experts (SME) and senior developers to develop comprehensive testingplan/modules for self-developed software components.Produces/archives process related artifacts such as design documents, test plans, wikis, and code review forms.Deploys developed products to project environments.Effectively prioritizes activities to meet schedule milestones.Ability to work independently and develop plans once a design task has been specified.Leverages knowledge outside of development in performing system integration and trouble-shooting of problems from the interactions between different services/processes.Establishes and maintains strong professional relationships on team.Demonstrates flexibility.Fosters teamwork between various functional groups.Demonstrates ability to change assignments or approach to accommodate changing project direction.Communicates ideas clearly and concisely both verbally and in writing.Demonstrates ability to define, prepare and document technical material.Keeps project lead/manager informed of work progress on both lead-directed and self-directed tasks and on any obstacles impeding work progress on a regular basis.Sets project goals and understands own role to achieve them.Assumes responsibility for delivering quality work products.Supports and enforces process requirements.Follows up with others to ensure supporting tasks are completed.Job QualificationsMinimum RequirementsB.S. degree (or higher) in Computer Science, or Informatics, Physics, Mathematics, Engineering or related fields with significant software development experience.Possesses a strong understanding of software engineering fundamentals and has accumulated significant understanding and experience in certain areas.Knows details of their technical area and able to analyze variables to suggest modifications for improvement.Able to interpret requirements at application level and help with breaking down/refining requirements.Demonstrates technical skills required to complete software development within area of responsibility.Proficient in multiple programming languages, coding styles, and trade-off between different coding methodologies.Familiar with basic principles about programming languages, including basic knowledge of grammar, syntax, and compilers.Basic knowledge of database administrations in MySql and Oracle.Able to design new schema and write SQL queries/stored procedures independently.Good understanding of backend development tools.Knowledgeable and able to manage source control operations, including merging and branching.Recognized as a valuable resource in an area of domain expertise.Works within area of specialization with minimal supervision.
 Provides development engineering and programming support to projects and infrastructure support  activities. Designs and develops enterprise applications in a Web environment. Develops, creates, and  modifies general computer applications software or specialized utility programs. Analyzes user needs and  develops software solutions. Designs software or customizes software for client use with the aim of  optimizing operational efficiency. May analyze and design databases within an application area, working  individually or coordinating database development as part of a team. May manage websites including  design, develop, deploy and maintain activities as well as performs testing and quality assurance of web  sites and web applications. Clearance Level:TS/SCI w. poly Many Volume positions require an active (or ability to obtain) U.S. Security Clearance, for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. Volume Integration, LLC. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
Software Developer – Growing Software Company – Miami, FL Emphasys Software is seeking a Software Developer to develop and test modern, web-based application products at its headquarters in Miami, FL. We’re looking for a designer who has a passion for building innovative software solutions. PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES Design web-based application products, conduct system analysis, and participate in programming activities that may require research.  Draft technical documentation of product sub-systems.  Conduct unit testing and integration testing for functionality and limits.  Perform complex bug verification, release testing, and beta support for assigned products, research problems discovered by testers or customers, and develop solutions to the problems.  Research and understand the marketing requirements for a product, including target environment, performance criteria and competitive issues. REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree in a Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar program. One year of experience in programming and/or technical system support is a plus.  General technical knowledge in software development, analytical and design skills, research and problem-solving skills.  Outstanding oral and written communication and people skills. Proven ability to work in a team environment.  Proficient in HTML, Java, JavaScript, and C# language. Must be familiar with relational database tools and SQL. Knowledge of the MS .NET Framework and experience with the MS Visual Studio IDE is a plus. WHY EMPHASYS? At Emphasys, our mission is to “be a company of outstanding people delivering vertical market enterprise software solutions through long term partnerships with clients.” We recognize that the primary key to the success of our mission is our team members. As such, we want employees who are positive, energetic and passionate. We want team members who excel in their roles, who seek challenges and find innovative solutions to them, and who never stop growing personally and professionally. Simply put, we want to hire the best, and, more importantly, we want to retain the best.  The Emphasys team believes in a positive corporate culture stressing excellence, innovation, work-life balance and personal and professional development. In recognition of our corporate culture, Emphasys was named one of Florida Trend’s “Best Companies to Work For” in 2014 and 2015.  If you have any questions please contact recruitment at (305)921-4040.
 General Description:We are looking for an experienced Senior Software Developer who is ready to take a leap into unknown waters. The Senior Software Developer architects, designs, develops, enhances and tests web and hybrid mobile applications using HTML, CSS and Javascript on the frontend and .NET on the backend to deliver high-quality, responsive experiences across multiple form factors and devices. The Lead Software Developer is a self-starter that takes initiative to get things done. The Lead Software Developer is passionate about delivering awesome solutions quickly and has a proven ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver applications that solve real-world business problems. The Senior Software Developer is a servant-leader that does what is needed to help the team meet business goals. Why work here? For starters, Blinds.com is the worlds largest online window covering company, and weve got a demonstrably awesome 20-year track record. From our open-floor office to our open-door ethos, our culture is rooted in improving, evolving and having fun (were pretty serious about cake, cook-offs and ping pong). Most importantly, our team members are always inspired and ready for growth.  We merged with The Home Depot, the worlds #1 home improvement retailer, with $91 billion in revenue. That means weve got the resources and the runway to create truly magical, out-of-the-box work. Moreover, this position will play an important role in leveraging our culture, people, systems, processes and technology ultimately to provide incredible customer experiences, while growing business for Blinds.com and The Home Depot. This is your chance to be part of something big. Annnnnd, were also ranked as one of The Top 5 Workplaces in Texas and have consistently won the following awards: The Best Place to Work in Houston (Houston Business Journal), Houstons Top Workplaces (Houston Chronicle) and Houstons Best and Brightest. Are you ready for this?Duties and Responsibilities: Help your team remain focused on launching new interconnected retail businesses and experiencesDesign and code features, tests and other application components on both the back end and the front end to meet the needs of the businessParticipate in high-level architecture and design activities as needed by the teamWork with the PO and other team members to fully understand stories the team needs to deliverWork closely with developers across the enterprise to share experience and continuously improve our ability to deliver world-class applications quicklyWilling to take responsibility for tactically leading efforts to drive stories to completion as part of the teamRequirements:Experience working on agile development teams involved in new product developmentWilling to work on legacy code as well as new codeVery broad and deep application development skills. Primarily works hands-on with code.Experience using the .NET stack to deliver back-end web and service applications using C#, ASP.NET MVC, SQL and an ORMExperience developing responsive web applications using JavaScript, HTML, CSSKnowledge of Angular2 or ReactPassionate about delivering high quality solutionsBachelors degree in a technical discipline or equivalent experienceExperience with asynchronous message architectures in general.Familiarity with the architecture of e-commerce solutions at Blinds.com and/or The Home Depot is a plusExperience developing applications with NServiceBus a plusExperience optimizing the browser client experience a plusExperience with other server-side stacks (Node.js, Python, Java, PHP etc.) a plusExperience developing native or hybrid mobile applications for IOS and/or Android a plusExperience with NOSql databases (RavenDB, MongoDB etc.) a plus About Us:Blinds.com, based in Houston, Texas, is the largest online seller of blinds. The National Association for Business Resources named Blinds.com one of the Best and Brightest Companies to Work For® in the country. Our Core Values These arent just buried in an employee manual somewhere. We live and breathe them. Theyre on the walls. They come up constantly in conversation. They govern the decisions of the newest hire all the way up to our CEO. Experiment without fearImprove continuouslyBe yourself and speak upEnjoy the ride Working Conditions:General office environment with primary responsibilities being clerical/administrative. Standing and walking around the sales floor the majority of the time or seated at a desk. The working environment is generally favorable. Lighting and temperature are adequate with no hazardous or unpleasant conditions caused by noise, dust, etc. Work is performed in the office environment, with standard office equipment.
 The Sempra Utilities Enterprise GIS applications team has immediate opening for a Software Developer in San Diego. In this role, the developer will work with the team to enhance, support and maintain the Electric GIS application suite (ESRI ArcGIS, ArcServer, Portal and Mobile applications). The developer will follow the teams GIS programming standards for design, testing, implementation and support. The position will perform hands-on ArcGIS software development using C#, Microsoft .Net (Visual Studio 10 or above), javasscript, ArcPython and other programming tools. The developer will also perform GIS database modeling and optimization using the ArcSDE Oracle application. Under the leadership and tactical supervision of a Software Team Lead, Software Developers work with Senior Developers to maintain and enhance GIS desktop, web, Portal and Mobile GIS applications. Individuals in this job position should be familiar with Software Development Life Cycles. The ideal candidate is a software developer who has previously worked with electric utility GIS applications with experience in the following job functions Developing tools, widgets and other programs with the Esri ArcGIS desktop, electric ArcFM, ArcGIS server, ArcGIS Portal and Web applications.Provide support and troubleshooting related to GIS operations including GIS infrastructure, database, and application issues.Takes directions from senior developers and team lead in prioritizing work tasks.Manage short-term day-to-day operational requests as well as long term project assignments RequirementsA bachelor's degree in information systems, computer science, or equivalent work experience and technical training is required.Minimum three years’ experience in developing and implementing IT projects required and experience with software package installation, configuration and systems integration.Experience in the following:.NET software development, Web Services, UML, XML, XSD, and WSDL Web services platforms and interoperability between J2EE, and .NET, platformsIn depth knowledge of information technologies and methodologies in distributed computing environments is critical Strong problem solving, analytical and technical skillsAbility to quickly acquire and utilize new business knowledge and technical skillsExperience in GIS application design, programming, implementation, and support within electric utility GIS deployments is highly desired.Effective time management and organizational skills.Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 02/10/2018
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
JOB SUMMARY The Senior Software Development Engineer in Test will be responsible for driving quality deliverables within their team and influence across teams. They will help their teams cultivate a quality mindset, advocating for quality while assisting engineers with software development and test automation best practices. This role is integrated with the engineering teams. DUTIES & ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONSWork with a team to deliver consistent, quality work each sprint, meeting the teams sprint commitmentsDefine and create test cases based on acceptance criteria and in conjunction with best practices established by our overall QA teamParticipate in executing manual test cases, where required in sprint as well as release regression testingDetermine test case candidates for automation and create automation test scripts at either the UI or Integration layer, providing the appropriate validation as defined in the test caseReview acceptance criteria and pair program with the developers to determine unit test case coverageParticipate in the code review process ensuring unit tests have been implemented based on the pre-determined acceptance criteria unit test coverageActively participate in all scrum-related meetings, including but not limited to daily standups, sprint planning, grooming, and sprint reviewsEvangelize quality and automation within cross-functional development teamsActively work with developers on test automation best practicesImprove UI functional test coverageCoordinate testing efforts to ensure the delivery of quality featuresContribute to our long-term vision and strategy for QA and Test AutomationMake testing an integral part of the development processReport bugs and follow them through the complete bug life cycleMentor junior SDE-Test individualsBe a major contributor to our test frameworks and servicesCOMPETENCIESClient Service: Demonstrates strong commitment to meeting the needs of both internal and external customers striving to ensure their full satisfaction. Organization: Establishes a systematic course of action for self or others to ensure accomplishment of a specific objective. Sets priorities with an appropriate sense of what is most important and plans with an appropriate and realistic sense of the time demand involved. Communication: Creates an atmosphere in which timely and high-quality information flows smoothly up and down, inside and outside of the company; encourages open expression of ideas and opinions. Decision Making: Makes decisions authoritatively and wisely, after adequately contemplating various available courses of action. Refrains from "jumping to conclusions" based on no, or minimal, evidence; takes time to collect facts before decision-making. QUALIFICATIONS5+ years experience developing and testing softwareStrong working knowledge in our tech stack: C#, .NET, ASP.NET, Windows Server, VSTSBS in CS, EE, Informatics or similar preferred but not requiredYou have knowledge and a passion for test infrastructure and CI/CDYou have a passion for quickly shipping innovative features that are simultaneously reliableYou are a strong collaborator and contributor to any teamYou have shown an ability to advocate for quality across functional teamsYou are experienced with agile methodologies and understand what it means to have a quality mindset in an agile environmentSentryOne is an Equal Opportunity Employer
 Premier Roofing, one of the largest, most reputable and accredited restoration roofing contractors in the U.S. is seeking a hard-working, highly organized and energetic Business Development Professional to join our team. JOB DESCRIPTION The Business Development Professional is in charge of networking and communicating with the local Multi-family Housing Market and Community Managers. They will be in charge of building relations with these clients, engaging in community outreaches, assisting in the facilitation of roof inspections and presenting the inspection findings as well as our contracting bid to the Community Boards. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:Learn Premier’s business development process and value proposition to effectively promote Premier to potential clients in Fort Collins.Manage relationships with key industry contacts by making scheduled weekly/monthly visits.Manage customer contacts along with production team to ensure quality customer service is provided during production.Maintain a large database of clients and long-term business contacts.Conduct on-site surveys of prospective projects to procure information from on-site property management and to determine client needs.Conduct comprehensive sales presentations to clients.Keep detailed logs of activities and expenses.EDUCATION/TRAINING/MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:Minimum of 2 years experience in outside sales/ door-to-door salesFundraising/ similar networking experienceB.A. (4 year degree or equivalent work/military experience)Valid Drivers LicenseTECHNICAL SKILLS:Ability to maintain a tight and effective online scheduleExcellent follow-through with communicationA sense of urgency for deadlinesExcellent organizational skills and ability to prioritizeEffective written and verbal communication skills (including grammar and proofreading)High proficiency in MS Office/ Google AppsAbility to learn and assist with development of company CRM softwareCOMPENSATION Years 1-2: Base annual salary of $40,000, plus bonus and commission totaling between $50,000 and $100,000  Years 3+: After commission total of $100,000 + BENEFITSHealth Reimbursement Account401(k)Company Vehicle and gas cardComputer, PhoneABOUT PREMIER ROOFING Premier Roofing is owned and managed by good friends and original founders Chris and Ben, who, after working for another roofing contractor for a short period, recognized many things that could be improved-upon with their former employer’s construction quality, productivity and culture. 12 years, 6 locations and over 15,000 completed projects later, Chris and Ben remain steadfast in their commitment to the development and happiness of our company’s people, improvement of our processes, adherence to our Core Values and plans for long term growth and stability. The Business Development role is pivotal to these goals and we are excited to welcome a new teammate to this position.  Premier Roofing provides a unique and supportive company culture and a fun work environment. At Premier Roofing, we pride ourselves on hiring only the highest caliber individuals because our people are the single greatest contribution to our long-term success.  Please provide a Resume with Cover Letter to be considered for the position. We look forward to meeting you!  Learn more on our recruiting page: team.premier-roofing.com  or our company’s website: www.premier-roofing.com
About the Opportunity:The Software Engineer will build tools and applications that support the ReachLocal Media Organization by leveraging a full stack across HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, Spring and MySQL. Our existing team leaders started as junior engineers and are now leading major projects interfacing with Google, Bing, Yahoo advertising platforms.About Your Responsibilities:Create scalable, fault tolerant, anti-fragile web services.Ensure that all developed applications are extensively tested and sufficiently documented.Work closely with product owners, tech leads, quality assurance and direct management to elaborate and define requirements, priorities and estimate timelines.Work with other team members to define service APIs.Quickly develop executable prototypes and iterate on ideas.Tenaciously follow technology advancements relevant to our customers and propose integration and use.About You:1-2 Years front-end HTML/CSS/Javascript1-2 Years Java development experience in an enterprise setting.Exposure to Spring / Hibernate frameworks.Experience with automated testing frameworks and TDD.Experience with RDBMS concepts and SQL.Experience with RESTful Web Services.Experience working with Git/GitHub.Excellent communication (written and verbal), time management and interpersonal skills.Ability to work as a team member in a dynamic work environment.Ability to work well with rapid deployment cycles and tight deadlines.Bachelors of Science in Computer Science or related fields or equivalent work experience.Desirable Skills:Experience of Small Business Digital Marketing / Online advertising (SEO/SEM) ideal.2 Years experience with a Unix-based operating system.Familiar with Agile methodologies and principles.Experience with Behavior Driven Development (BDD).Experience with SQL & NoSQL.Experience with messaging architectures.About ReachLocal:Are you looking for a company that values innovation, passion, and a healthy work/life balance? A job where you feel supported and appreciated? At ReachLocal, we know our employees drive success, and we strive to create a thriving company culture where you’ll enjoy coming to work every day.  Here, you can walk through the halls and bump into our CEO, catch an inter-office ping pong tournament, or support a local cause with your fellow employees. Are you ready to join a company where you can have fun and work with some of brightest people in digital marketing?  Our mission is to help local businesses all over the world reach more local customers online. As a leader in powering online marketing for local businesses, ReachLocal has been recognized for outstanding products and exceptional employees, having won Google’s Quality Account Champion in North America and Google’s Innovation Champion Award in Canada. Our CEO, Sharon Rowlands, has won countless awards, most recently the Gold Stevie Award for Female Executive of the Year in the 13th Annual Stevie Awards for Women in Business.  ReachLocal is headquartered in Woodland Hills, CA, with over 60 locations throughout the United States, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Japan, Australia, and Brazil.  We invite you to learn more about us, connect with us, and grow with us here: Career Site: http://careers.reachlocal.comBlog: http://blog.reachlocal.com/LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/reachlocalTwitter: https://twitter.com/reachlocaljobsYoutube: https://www.youtube.com/user/reachlocalHear from our employees: http://blog.reachlocal.com/reachlocal-services-spotlight-meet-some-of-our-marketing-experts ReachLocal is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants for all job openings are welcome and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, or any other basis protected by state, federal or local law. It is the intent of the Company to comply with all applicable federal, state and local legislation concerning equal opportunity in employment.  This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of all activities, duties or responsibilities required of the employee.
Lead Applications DeveloperLead Applications Developer We’re the obstacle overcomers, the problem get-arounders. From figuring it out to getting it done… our innovative culture demands “yes and how!” We are UPS. We are the United Problem Solvers. About Applications Development at UPS Technology: Our Application Development teams use their expertise in programming languages and software design to develop next-generation technology. They are responsible for developing the applications which track and move up to 38 million packages in a single day (4.7 billion annually). This team works closely with all of our customers to build innovative technologies that are customized to drive our business and provide the ultimate customer experience. As an App Developer, you will help UPS grow and provide valuable services across the globe. About this role: The Lead Applications Developer provides leadership in full systems life cycle management (e.g., analyses, technical requirements, design, coding, testing, implementation of systems and applications software, etc.) to ensure delivery is on time and within budget. He/She directs component and data architecture design, technology planning, and testing for Applications Development (AD) initiatives to meet business requirements and ensure compliance. This position develops and leads AD project activities and integrations. He/She guides teams to ensure effective communication and achievement of objectives. This position researches and supports the integration of emerging technologies. He/She provides knowledge and support for applications’ development, integration, and maintenance. This position will lead junior team members with project related activities and tasks. This position guides and influences department and project teams. He/She facilitates collaboration with stakeholders.  The Lead Applications Developer will be responsible for leading the development of customer-facing applications used to enable the Digital Channel for UPS customers. Applications include but are not limited to content management, content personalization and targeting, site search, tag management, web analytics and multivariate testing. Minimum Qualifications:Expert- level proficiency with XML, Java Servlets, Java Programming, J2EE Development, HTML, XSL, EJB, JMSAdvanced- level proficiency with SQL Language, SQL Programming, HTML, Java Beans, Internet Development Architecture & Design, SQL & PL/SQL. Apache, Tomcat , LINUXIntermediate- level proficiency with performance load testing, profiler, Java Script]Preferred Qualifications:Bachelor's degree and/or Master's degree in Computer Science or equivalent.This position offers an exceptional opportunity to work for a Fortune 50 industry leader. If you are selected, you will join our dynamic technology team in making a difference to our business and customers. Do you think you have what it takes? Prove it! At UPS, ambition knows no time zone.UPS is an equal opportunity employer – race/color/religion/sex/national origin/veteran/disability/sexual orientation/gender identity
We don't just want to add a software trainer to our team, we want an evangelist; someone comfortable developing and presenting customized training to our clients, developing user guides, and providing one-on-one coaching.Do you get excited when a new version of something is released, eager to explore the new features?Do you love using technology to improve and refine how people work?Do you love teaching others how to gain the most from their technology?!We are looking for that 1 in a 1000 person, a person that can excite and enable our clients' users.The focus of our training initiative - to enable our clients to derive greater value from the day-to-day applications they use.Our ideal candidate:Will exhibit the passion and desire to innovate and teach othersWill be able to facilitate training sessions that help establish processes and practices that align with our clients workflowWill be able to craft user guides and documentation to enhance the learning experience.Requirements/Position description:Train client staff on effectively using the Windows environment and common Windows applicationsTrain client staff on effectively using the Microsoft Office 365 environmentTrain client staff on effectively using the Apple OS X environment and common Mac applicationsIdentify training needs and develop new training initiativesCreate and deliver training and documentation for client site software roll-outsEffectively conduct training sessions via one-on-one training, group trainings, and webinarsModify class designs and materials based on attendee's and Manager's feedback or changing objectivesContribute to the development of users' skill set and day to day functionalityProvide post-training support as neededDesired qualities include:Superior communication, writing and diagnostic skillsThe ability to organize competing tasks and projects to see them through to completionExcellent customer service skillsA willingness to take on additional responsibilitiesMaintain training rooms and equipmentProvide technical research assistance for desktop applicationsProvide backup support for help desk related (software/hardware) requestsOur core values: Caring for our employees and treating them with dignity and respect Providing exceptional customer service Being ethical in how we conduct our work, every dayOur compensation: Salary and full benefits package Bonuses and profit sharing opportunity Growth and professional development opportunity
 Xpressdocs is looking for creative individuals who are driven to produce great software solutions. As a Software Developer you will develop applications and systems software for a wide variety of environments including multi-tier, client/server applications, browser-based applications, mobile applications and embedded systems. Our development environments include Windows, .NET, Linux, Microsoft SQL Server, and other databases. Our developers are responsible for business specific analysis, technical design, coding and testing of their own projects. RequirementsBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, MIS, or other related field preferredMust be project, goal, and detail orientedHigh attention to detail on projects completedIntelligent, self-motivated developerBenefits Xpressdocs is a leading provider of direct marketing solutions for enterprises and franchises. Our industry recognized proprietary software solution features an efficient way to produce integrated marketing campaigns that include print, email and social media. Platform users can easily customize and order full-service direct mail, digital and offset printing, custom packaging, bindery and finishing services. Xpressdocs powers marketing efforts for hundreds of national brands, across a variety of industries including: real estate, professional services, franchise businesses and healthcare.  Xpressdocs promotes a healthy lifestyle by providing a non-smoking environment. Xpressdocs encourages applicants of all ages and experience to apply, as we do not discriminate on the basis of age.
 What You'll DoYou're deeply motivated, passionate about learning and giving to the team and the business with "can do" attitude.Strong design/programming ethic. Design large-scale systems in C/C++ environments will be helpful.Dedication to Quality: Ability to ensure and contribute to a higher standard of quality.Strong OS fundamentals and networking concepts is a requirement.In-depth experience of design networking systems with L2, L3 and multicast backgroundRole & Responsibilities: Participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation Campus switching architectures. Define, architect, design, and deliver new software and features for the Campus switching platforms  Day to day activities will involve building new features, understanding features in a competitive product and proposing solutions that work for our platform, writing functional and design specifications, programming, unit and integration testing your code, helping review specifications and code for other software engineers in the team, helping documentation team with the configuration aspects of your feature. Who You'll Work With Cisco Switching Software Group builds for the Catalyst switching platforms. This group handles all of enterprise switching needs, helping Cisco be the market leader in campus access switching, for both wired and wireless..  In order to fervently continue to grow the revenue, the group is looking for new capabilities and valued network services to current platforms as well as next generation product lines that will help resolve critical customer problems.  The switching software team is a group of talented individuals responsible for the architecture, design, implementation and support of all infrastructure and features on the next generation Catalyst switches.  As a member of this team, you will work on wireless functionality on switch platforms. You will be working right from the product requirements stage all the way through customer support. You will involve product requirement analysis, SW design and implementation, write technical design documents, and perform tests. You will have an opportunity to get direct customer exposure. Who You Are BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent is required with 10+ years of experience in related fields and dynamically growing responsibility in the career. Why Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking aggressive risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unrivaled personalities who aren't afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.  We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired Gurus. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  We Are Cisco.  *LI-CB1
 At MercuryGate, every solution we create is designed to be The Future of Delivery. This same attribute applies to our dedicated team members, whose expertise and dedication have made MercuryGate an industry leader.  As a member of our team, you will have the ability to work on projects for Fortune 500 companies, contributing actively in supporting their strategic initiatives. This opportunity will build your knowledge base and allow you to interact with some of the world’s most respected companies. Are you ready to work in a fun, fast-paced and energetic environment that challenges you and rewards you for innovation, creativity and initiative? If so, come play with the MercuryGate team of champions by applying for our Senior Software Engineer (Full Stack Developer) opportunity today! Overview Qualified candidates can easily architect and build web front-ends using JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3 using the latest frameworks. Additionally, they can fluidly move between advanced front-end coding to implementing a scalable back-end using Java and Oracle.  The ideal candidate will have demonstrated the ability to design and implement system components, meeting deadlines, effectively managing priorities, communicating progress, and enjoys working as part of a team. Strong analytical, problem solving, refactoring, and debugging skills are required. To that end, candidates will be asked to discuss their best work and explain what made it great, as well as life lessons learned that have helped them grow as a professional. Work with a cross-functional agile development teamExperiment with new technologies and bring fresh ideas that can benefit and evolve our tech stackLives the creed of leaving the code in a better placeIsn’t afraid to dig into existing code and work to improve it.Understands the role CI/CD plays in rapid deliveryRequired Skills/ExperienceBS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent. Masters degree a plusMinimum 5 years of front-end development using JavaScriptMinimum 8 years of full stack Java based web application developmentExcellent communication skills, and attention to detailRequired Frontend Skills/ExperienceExpert with a major Javascript framework (React, Angular, Ember, Backbone, ExtJS)Experience with HTML5 and CSS3 including CSS preprocessors like SASSExperience with single page JavaScript applicationsExperience with cross browser support for the latest browsersRequired Backend Skills/ExperienceExpert with Java including Hibernate/JPAProficient with Oracle databases and SQLBuild and consume internal/external APIs (including, but not limited to REST)Experience with SpringPreferred Skills / ExperienceHands-on experience with test-driven development (TDD) and CI/CDWorked with highly scalable, distributed, micro-service based applicationsExperience with AMQP Messaging (RabbitMQ, ActiveMQ, etc)Strong experience with profiling and performance optimizationExperience with NodeJS and YarnExperience with Webpack a plusKnowledgeable about current best practices with JavaScript/CSS including ES6


Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 Seeking a passionate and experienced Intern with solid computer science fundamentals to make a significant contribution to the Content Services team. This position will report to the Sr. Manager, Web Engineering in Redwood City, CA. This is for a 12 week Summer Internship.  The Shutterfly Content Tools and Services team is responsible for creating next gen authoring platform and services for the Cards Gifts and Decor products and also is responsible for creating a new rendering platform.  Responsibilities: Development of highly performant and scalable REST servicesContribute to best practices by helping author unit tests, functional tests and performance test automation.Leverage state-of-the-art NoSQL solutions for data I/O performanceParticipate in design reviews of service and framework componentsEnsure services are highly scalable to handle large traffic with very low latency Key Skills and Experience Strong knowledge of data structures, algorithms and design patternsStrong object oriented design and modeling in Java or other OO languagesStrong knowledge in relational databases (one of Oracle/MySQL/Postgres) and SQL.Knowledge of web services and general services design, experience a plusBasic knowledge of the HTTP protocolExperience some of the following technology is a plus – Git, Perforce, MongoDB, Redis, Java Spring framework, Eclipse, IntelliJ or other IDEMust be comfortable at the Unix/Linux command lineExcellent communication and interpersonal skillsBS/MS in Computer Science or Engineering highly desirableMust have a positive, Can Do! Attitude and willing to have fun while working
Job DescriptionThe RFG team within Open Solutions is dedicated to providing technology solutions focused towards high quality business value delivered on-time, on-budget solving business requirements now and into the future. Our development team creates both web and windows applications geared towards improving efficiency and accuracy of our data processing systems.Required Skills for a Software DeveloperProvide systems design, development, programming, consultation and support for employee and client facing applications based in various versions of .NET, and relational databases platforms for both web and windows applications.Experience with VB.Net, C#, ASP.Net, Web Services, ASP, Microsoft SQL Server.Perform in the evaluation and testing of the capabilities, characteristics and requirements of existing and emerging technologies.Work on infrastructure backlog tasks as assigned.Participate in scrum agile development process.Knowledge of PowerBuilder a plus.Required SkillsRequired Experience5+ years work experience developing with VB.NET and C#.Strong analytical and problem solving skills.Strong Communication skills.Demonstrated ability to work independently with minimal supervision, as well as part of a project team in a cooperative effort.End to end experience across the entire software development lifecycle.Experience with .NET 3.5, technologies such as WCF, WPF, WF.Ability to quickly learn new technology and apply knowledge to solve technical and business problems.Strong SQL skills a must.Experience with Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services preferred.Knowledge of software engineering and computer science fundamentals.Experience with Web Services.Experience with Agile development, in particular Scrum.Required Experience Job Location  Lombard, US-IL
 X by 2 is a team of software architecture specialists, bilingual in business and technology, who set the standard for architecture excellence in the insurance and healthcare industries. Careers with X by 2 offer rapid growth, constant learning, and the immediate chance to make an impact. It’s a true meritocracy – fueled by a diversity of backgrounds, cultures, and experiences.  We're looking for people that have been playing senior software design and software development roles but seek accelerated opportunities to become solution architects; people with a passion for technology and the desire to learn and grow, architect and design enterprise solutions. Participate in architecture definition, product selection, and application design.Play key roles in large projects. Senior Developer. Mentor. Technical Leader. Technical Project Manager.Participate and provide leadership in all phases of a project from discovery and planning through implementation and delivery.Design and develop core business applications for insurance, healthcare and other clients.Wear many hats and gain experience with tools, technologies and platforms across many technology stacks.Work closely and share ideas with fellow Developers and Architectss.Learn new things, and grow rapidly from constant exposure to innovative ideas, concepts, and patterns.QualificationsDesign and develop enterprise class business applications and integration solutions using Java/J2EE, .NET, and JavascriptMust have a computer science/software engineering background (degree and/or experience)Knowledge and experience using enterprise application, integration and design patternsStrong problem solving skillsAbility to conceptualize and articulate ideas clearly and conciselyExcellent communication and interpersonal skillsWillingness to travel based on client/project needsOur PhilosophiesAgile approach – emphasis on good people, continuous delivery of value, close collaboration with clientsLearning and reuse by leveraging patterns and frameworksDeliver results by playing key leadership roles on capable teams focused on full life-cycle from discovery and planning through implementation and launchNo technology bias and no affiliations with vendors – we use the technologies and approaches that make sense for our clientsConstant learning – adding modern technologies, frameworks, tools and products to our tool beltWork Environment and CultureBe surrounded by smart talented people with shared values of continually challenging, investing in, and stretching themselves to new levelsCollaborate with seasoned architects to solve problems and to challenge assumptionsWork in small teams with opportunities for rapid growth and accelerated responsibilities driven purely by individual performanceOpen environment, flat organization, flexibility, and no hierarchical structuresEveryone has a voice and is always encouraged to engage in shaping the company by sharing their interests, ideas, and feedbackBenefits and PerksHealth, Vision, Dental, Life, Disability401(k) with employer matchAnnual bonuses, raises, and promotionsPrograms: Professional Development, Wellness, Professional Dress allowanceDiscretionary Points and Travel Points redeemable for cash or additional time offCompany sponsored social events for employees and familiesWork-Life Balance: flexible hours, vacation days, sick days, personal days, holidaysTravel Expense Reimbursement – mileage, car/train, flight, hotel, food etc.
Software EngineerSan Francisco, CaliforniaScalable Press is on an incredible growth trajectory and we're looking for passionate software engineers to help us build the future of the print industryWe’re a bootstrapped and profitable startup. Our growth comes from customers and sales in our diversified product range, not funding booms and busts.This position is based in our San Francisco office near Montgomery BART.What you'll accomplish in your first year:- Innovate on our React/Node.js based warehouse software- Integrate with hardware to add entirely new print types to our system-- Provide mentorship for new teammates and spread good coding practices- Visit the San Francisco engineering office to share learnings with the team- Participate in technical strategy with the CTOOur Ideal Candidate:- 1+ years software engineering experience- Experience in web development using modern tools- Treats software engineering as a team sport- Embraces the breadth of responsibilities in a rapidly growing startup- Has a prodigious work ethic- Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related fieldsCompany benefits- Catered lunch and dinner- Choice of computer equipment- Competitive salary and benefitsAbout Us:Scalable Press is a technology company revolutionizing the printing industry. We believe thatby investing in forward-thinking technology and infrastructure, we can make it easier and faster than ever to order custom printing. We own and operate five production centers spanning California, Texas, Indiana, and Pennsylvania. Our custom engineered systems, paired with our nationwide presence, allows us to push prices down to unprecedented lows, provide reliable quality, and offer fast turnaround times. Key facts:- Scalable Press has never raised funding- our company is bootstrapped and profitable.- We have over 300 employees.- Our facilities include over 200,000 square feet of production space.- We’ve averaged triple-digit growth over the past 3 years.- We print and ship millions of products each year.
 Barracuda Networks is seeking a talented individual to join us as a Software Engineer to work on our client side Web Security products. The individual will be joining a team with a proven track record in Ann Arbor, Michigan and be a part of our Security Business unit working primarily on the Barracuda Security Agent that works in conjunction with the Barracuda Web Filter and cloud services. What you need to be successful?Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or Software Engineering; or equivalent work experience3-4 years of relevant work experienceStrong C/C++/C# skills with emphasis on object-oriented programmingIn depth knowledge of Windows applications and .NET platform.Expertise in Win32/64 programmingFamiliarity with Windows Filtering Platform (WFP) and Layered Service Provider (LSP)Inter process communication using Windows IPC, sockets, and Winsock2GUI development using Windows Forms and Windows Presentation Foundation (WFP)Experience with integrating native and managed applications on the Windows PlatformSolid understanding of HTTP/HTTPSExcellent analytic/troubleshooting skillsSolid written and verbal communication skillsAble to collaborate and thrive in a fast-paced environmentCross-platform development experience with Mac OS X and Windows is a plusOur workplace includes:Great downtown location, with tons of restaurants within walking distanceOpen floor conceptTable tennis and arcade machinesBagel WednesdaysSubsidized parking
ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Application Development ActivitiesUnderstand and translate business requirements into accurate application specifications.Estimate software development effortsDesign and code updates to new applicationsDesign, implement, and extend additional functionality to existing systems, refactoring where appropriate.Troubleshoot and resolve problems and errors with existing systems.Write code that is stable, reusable, and conforms to team coding style and standards.Balance multiple projects, manage daily work-load, and prioritize tasks.Participate in peer code reviews and technical meetings by providing appropriate and constructive feedback.Maintain communication with team, supervisor, and project manager regarding status of software development.Accurately maintain code in Team Foundation Services (TFS), appropriately documenting and commenting check-in and merge activities.Support QA, UAT, and integration testing efforts, including test case execution when necessaryPrepare and package completed software for production deploymentSmoke test applications as an integral part of the deployment processAccurately record and classify development time in the Software Development Request systemCollaborate closely with team members to understand varying system designs and team coding practices. Participate in pair programming when appropriate.NECESSARY SKILLS AND ABILITIES:Requires 7+ years developing software in an enterprise environmentVB & C# LanguagesASP.NET Web Forms and MVC developmentSOAP and REST Web Services (WCF and WebAPI 2)T-SQLTeam Foundation SeverHTML5/CSS3JQueryJavaScriptSQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent in a related fieldMust demonstrate effective problem solving and critical thinking skillsStrong written and verbal communication skills; able to speak to business owners, end users, and engineers alikeAbility to work individually and in a team environmentSelf-motivated and able to handle responsibilities without consistent oversight EOE. DFW. A background check will be run for this position. Tanger Management participates in E-Verify.
Description: Responsible for the development of new applications/modules. Candidate should have a good understanding of Microsoft .NET technologies (client and web) and be able to work with our development team while following our processes and best practices. Technology: Needs: Microsoft .NET (C#), 5+ yearsASP.NET MVC (v3+ preferred), 3+ yearsJavaScript, jQueryHTML/CSSBootstrap, layout frameworksWeb Services/APIs: client side interaction with services; Creation of web services and APIsSQL/MySQL: ability to understand SQL and author queries, views, and stored proceduresSource control, specifically Git Skills: Windows application development, applications for Windows tablets using .NETStrong emphasis on client-side development for very rich user experiencesStrong understanding of the web, application life cycle, general knowledge of how a large scale web application worksCross browser: development and testing in IE (supported versions), Chrome, Safari, Firefox, etc.Mobile development (responsive design) Nice to have: E-commerce related experienceJIRA/Bitbucket Experience 5 years of experience working with web applications, more emphasis on the ASP.NET side5 years of client-side related project experience in building user interfaces and interacting with web services/APIs General 5 years? experience developing queries, views, and stored proceduresThis individual should be self-motivated and able to take direction on these projects as well as have the ability to work with a team.Strong ability to communicate (written and spoken)
 SunnyvaleSunnyvaleCalifornia [CA]United States [US] Junior Software Development Engineer- AMRD2014Department Overview:The Burn-in Test Development Department develops Burn-in test programs to support Burn-in test/QC test, which supports all products ready for release and shipping. This department also develops test programs for NPI (New Product Introduction) test, which is used for testing new platform designs, prior to production.Responsibilities:Writing scripts and programs to support QC test task at company levelWriting test framework to satisfy various test case, make it consistent and flexible.Setting up environment to do product testing, bug reproducing and verificationWorking closely with product developers to ensure defects are correctly identified/reproduced and fixedDesigning and writing test checklist, test specification, bug reports, etc for new device modelProviding product technical support for both internal and external users as well.Requirements:Good knowledge of TCP/IP, routing and switching protocolsStrong troubleshooting and problem solving skillsCommunicate effectively, both verbal and writtenFamiliarity with Perl/Python/Shell script programming skills, Python is preferredFluency with Linux administrationWith hardworking spirit and teamwork skillEducation: B.S. in EE/CS/CE#LI-EL1#GDFTNT*
 It is our people behind life’s passions who will make the big difference. If you are interested in becoming part of a company that delivers market leading products, driving your own career and working with brands committed to active lifestyles, then you’ve found your fit.  Have what it takes? Join us. SUMMARY: The Development Engineer is responsible for generating, developing and implementing propulsion, mechanical, electrical, laminate, and structural system designs on marine products built for commercial, law enforcement, and military use. Also responsible for developing new tooling designs as necessary for new product moving forward. This will include use of Computer Aided Design (CAD) software to ensure designs are robust and manufacturing friendly. These designs must meet all necessary internal quality and supplier requirements, be in compliance with all applicable regulatory bodies, and be executed in the most cost-effective, efficient manner. Also responsible for creating technical documentation packages and engineering drawings as necessary. Candidate must have the ability to manage a project from its inception at quotation to its completion at delivery and all phases inclusive. ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Accountable for all phases of product development including quotation of new projects, new component design and documentation, propulsion & mechanical systems development, laminate design, electrical system design, and bill of material (BOM) development.Develop designs for new FRP tooling and/or aluminum structures for new product as required to quickly and accurately respond to market changes and new customer requirements. Develop new product ideas in the form of 2D drawings and/or 3D models.Develop structural designs for stringer systems, aluminum superstructures, engine installations, vessel lift systems and tow post designs.Engineering and implementation of alternative propulsion system technologies into new and existing hull platforms including but not limited to diesel engines, water jet, and sterndrive propulsion systems.Ensure reliable engineering and integration of boat systems including but not limited to propulsion support systems, electrical, fuel, and fire fighting pump systems.Work with Sales to quickly and accurately respond to customer requests for quotation (RFQ).Provide manufacturing support for new designs and facilitate the resolution of production issues as new product moves through the facility to completion.Ensure that all designs meet supplier and internal quality standards and specifications.Collaborate with component suppliers during design, installation, and problem resolution.Provide accurate material and component specifications for the sourcing of new and replacement components.Work with suppliers on the development of new systems and components to ensure continuous improvement in the quality and value of vessel systems.Produce technical documentation packages as required for certain Federal contracts.Ensure compliance as necessary with all regulatory bodies including but not limited to ABS, DNV, ABYC and ISO standards.Ensure adequate and accurate documentation to support manufacturing including but not limited to construction drawings and process work instructions.Develop and compose technical documentation to assist end users with the familiarization of a fully customized vessel.Initiate Engineering Change Notices (ECNs) as necessary to execute and properly document product changes.Travel may be required to meet with prospective customers, benchmark competition and/or support product in the field. Travel time for this position will be less than 10%.Desired Skills and ExperienceKnowledge/EducationBachelor’s Degree in Naval Architecture, Marine Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related discipline required.Consideration will be given for candidates with significant related work experience in lieu of educational requirements.Working knowledge of Small-Craft ISO standards specifically 12217 a plusKnowledge of ABS, DNV, ABYC a plusNMMA compliance certification a plusSkills/ExperienceMinimum of 3 years experience in the design & engineering of powerboats requiredRecreational, commercial, and/or law enforcement boating experience preferred3D CAD experience: NX, Catia, Pro E, AutoCAD/Mechanical Desktop or Rhino preferredLSS and ISO:9001 experience a plusExperience with boat related mechanical & electrical systems and shipboard tender interface systems a plusExperience with firefighting equipment a plusExperience with fiberglass manufacturing processes and aluminum construction techniquesExperience with material properties and application selection for metals and compositesProficiency in PC based tools with a focus on Microsoft Office, AS-400, and general web based applicationsWhile performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts; high, precarious places; fumes or airborne particles; and toxic or caustic chemicals. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. We are the people behind life’s passions.  Brunswick does not accept applications, inquiries or solicitations from unapproved staffing agencies or vendors. For help, please contact our support team at: hrservicecenter@brunswick.com or 1-888-735-4767.  Equal Opportunity Employer: Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled  EEO is The Law - click here for more information  Brunswick and Workday Privacy Policies  #Brunswick Corporation - Boston Whaler
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
 Provides development engineering and programming support to projects and infrastructure support  activities. Designs and develops enterprise applications in a Web environment. Develops, creates, and  modifies general computer applications software or specialized utility programs. Analyzes user needs and  develops software solutions. Designs software or customizes software for client use with the aim of  optimizing operational efficiency. May analyze and design databases within an application area, working  individually or coordinating database development as part of a team. May manage websites including  design, develop, deploy and maintain activities as well as performs testing and quality assurance of web  sites and web applications. Clearance Level:TS/SCI w. poly Many Volume positions require an active (or ability to obtain) U.S. Security Clearance, for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. Volume Integration, LLC. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
 General Description:We are looking for an experienced Senior Software Developer who is ready to take a leap into unknown waters. The Senior Software Developer architects, designs, develops, enhances and tests web and hybrid mobile applications using HTML, CSS and Javascript on the frontend and .NET on the backend to deliver high-quality, responsive experiences across multiple form factors and devices. The Lead Software Developer is a self-starter that takes initiative to get things done. The Lead Software Developer is passionate about delivering awesome solutions quickly and has a proven ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver applications that solve real-world business problems. The Senior Software Developer is a servant-leader that does what is needed to help the team meet business goals. Why work here? For starters, Blinds.com is the worlds largest online window covering company, and weve got a demonstrably awesome 20-year track record. From our open-floor office to our open-door ethos, our culture is rooted in improving, evolving and having fun (were pretty serious about cake, cook-offs and ping pong). Most importantly, our team members are always inspired and ready for growth.  We merged with The Home Depot, the worlds #1 home improvement retailer, with $91 billion in revenue. That means weve got the resources and the runway to create truly magical, out-of-the-box work. Moreover, this position will play an important role in leveraging our culture, people, systems, processes and technology ultimately to provide incredible customer experiences, while growing business for Blinds.com and The Home Depot. This is your chance to be part of something big. Annnnnd, were also ranked as one of The Top 5 Workplaces in Texas and have consistently won the following awards: The Best Place to Work in Houston (Houston Business Journal), Houstons Top Workplaces (Houston Chronicle) and Houstons Best and Brightest. Are you ready for this?Duties and Responsibilities: Help your team remain focused on launching new interconnected retail businesses and experiencesDesign and code features, tests and other application components on both the back end and the front end to meet the needs of the businessParticipate in high-level architecture and design activities as needed by the teamWork with the PO and other team members to fully understand stories the team needs to deliverWork closely with developers across the enterprise to share experience and continuously improve our ability to deliver world-class applications quicklyWilling to take responsibility for tactically leading efforts to drive stories to completion as part of the teamRequirements:Experience working on agile development teams involved in new product developmentWilling to work on legacy code as well as new codeVery broad and deep application development skills. Primarily works hands-on with code.Experience using the .NET stack to deliver back-end web and service applications using C#, ASP.NET MVC, SQL and an ORMExperience developing responsive web applications using JavaScript, HTML, CSSKnowledge of Angular2 or ReactPassionate about delivering high quality solutionsBachelors degree in a technical discipline or equivalent experienceExperience with asynchronous message architectures in general.Familiarity with the architecture of e-commerce solutions at Blinds.com and/or The Home Depot is a plusExperience developing applications with NServiceBus a plusExperience optimizing the browser client experience a plusExperience with other server-side stacks (Node.js, Python, Java, PHP etc.) a plusExperience developing native or hybrid mobile applications for IOS and/or Android a plusExperience with NOSql databases (RavenDB, MongoDB etc.) a plus About Us:Blinds.com, based in Houston, Texas, is the largest online seller of blinds. The National Association for Business Resources named Blinds.com one of the Best and Brightest Companies to Work For® in the country. Our Core Values These arent just buried in an employee manual somewhere. We live and breathe them. Theyre on the walls. They come up constantly in conversation. They govern the decisions of the newest hire all the way up to our CEO. Experiment without fearImprove continuouslyBe yourself and speak upEnjoy the ride Working Conditions:General office environment with primary responsibilities being clerical/administrative. Standing and walking around the sales floor the majority of the time or seated at a desk. The working environment is generally favorable. Lighting and temperature are adequate with no hazardous or unpleasant conditions caused by noise, dust, etc. Work is performed in the office environment, with standard office equipment.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
 Premier Roofing, one of the largest, most reputable and accredited restoration roofing contractors in the U.S. is seeking a hard-working, highly organized and energetic Business Development Professional to join our team. JOB DESCRIPTION The Business Development Professional is in charge of networking and communicating with the local Multi-family Housing Market and Community Managers. They will be in charge of building relations with these clients, engaging in community outreaches, assisting in the facilitation of roof inspections and presenting the inspection findings as well as our contracting bid to the Community Boards. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:Learn Premier’s business development process and value proposition to effectively promote Premier to potential clients in Fort Collins.Manage relationships with key industry contacts by making scheduled weekly/monthly visits.Manage customer contacts along with production team to ensure quality customer service is provided during production.Maintain a large database of clients and long-term business contacts.Conduct on-site surveys of prospective projects to procure information from on-site property management and to determine client needs.Conduct comprehensive sales presentations to clients.Keep detailed logs of activities and expenses.EDUCATION/TRAINING/MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:Minimum of 2 years experience in outside sales/ door-to-door salesFundraising/ similar networking experienceB.A. (4 year degree or equivalent work/military experience)Valid Drivers LicenseTECHNICAL SKILLS:Ability to maintain a tight and effective online scheduleExcellent follow-through with communicationA sense of urgency for deadlinesExcellent organizational skills and ability to prioritizeEffective written and verbal communication skills (including grammar and proofreading)High proficiency in MS Office/ Google AppsAbility to learn and assist with development of company CRM softwareCOMPENSATION Years 1-2: Base annual salary of $40,000, plus bonus and commission totaling between $50,000 and $100,000  Years 3+: After commission total of $100,000 + BENEFITSHealth Reimbursement Account401(k)Company Vehicle and gas cardComputer, PhoneABOUT PREMIER ROOFING Premier Roofing is owned and managed by good friends and original founders Chris and Ben, who, after working for another roofing contractor for a short period, recognized many things that could be improved-upon with their former employer’s construction quality, productivity and culture. 12 years, 6 locations and over 15,000 completed projects later, Chris and Ben remain steadfast in their commitment to the development and happiness of our company’s people, improvement of our processes, adherence to our Core Values and plans for long term growth and stability. The Business Development role is pivotal to these goals and we are excited to welcome a new teammate to this position.  Premier Roofing provides a unique and supportive company culture and a fun work environment. At Premier Roofing, we pride ourselves on hiring only the highest caliber individuals because our people are the single greatest contribution to our long-term success.  Please provide a Resume with Cover Letter to be considered for the position. We look forward to meeting you!  Learn more on our recruiting page: team.premier-roofing.com  or our company’s website: www.premier-roofing.com
Lead Applications DeveloperLead Applications Developer We’re the obstacle overcomers, the problem get-arounders. From figuring it out to getting it done… our innovative culture demands “yes and how!” We are UPS. We are the United Problem Solvers. About Applications Development at UPS Technology: Our Application Development teams use their expertise in programming languages and software design to develop next-generation technology. They are responsible for developing the applications which track and move up to 38 million packages in a single day (4.7 billion annually). This team works closely with all of our customers to build innovative technologies that are customized to drive our business and provide the ultimate customer experience. As an App Developer, you will help UPS grow and provide valuable services across the globe. About this role: The Lead Applications Developer provides leadership in full systems life cycle management (e.g., analyses, technical requirements, design, coding, testing, implementation of systems and applications software, etc.) to ensure delivery is on time and within budget. He/She directs component and data architecture design, technology planning, and testing for Applications Development (AD) initiatives to meet business requirements and ensure compliance. This position develops and leads AD project activities and integrations. He/She guides teams to ensure effective communication and achievement of objectives. This position researches and supports the integration of emerging technologies. He/She provides knowledge and support for applications’ development, integration, and maintenance. This position will lead junior team members with project related activities and tasks. This position guides and influences department and project teams. He/She facilitates collaboration with stakeholders.  The Lead Applications Developer will be responsible for leading the development of customer-facing applications used to enable the Digital Channel for UPS customers. Applications include but are not limited to content management, content personalization and targeting, site search, tag management, web analytics and multivariate testing. Minimum Qualifications:Expert- level proficiency with XML, Java Servlets, Java Programming, J2EE Development, HTML, XSL, EJB, JMSAdvanced- level proficiency with SQL Language, SQL Programming, HTML, Java Beans, Internet Development Architecture & Design, SQL & PL/SQL. Apache, Tomcat , LINUXIntermediate- level proficiency with performance load testing, profiler, Java Script]Preferred Qualifications:Bachelor's degree and/or Master's degree in Computer Science or equivalent.This position offers an exceptional opportunity to work for a Fortune 50 industry leader. If you are selected, you will join our dynamic technology team in making a difference to our business and customers. Do you think you have what it takes? Prove it! At UPS, ambition knows no time zone.UPS is an equal opportunity employer – race/color/religion/sex/national origin/veteran/disability/sexual orientation/gender identity
 Xpressdocs is looking for creative individuals who are driven to produce great software solutions. As a Software Developer you will develop applications and systems software for a wide variety of environments including multi-tier, client/server applications, browser-based applications, mobile applications and embedded systems. Our development environments include Windows, .NET, Linux, Microsoft SQL Server, and other databases. Our developers are responsible for business specific analysis, technical design, coding and testing of their own projects. RequirementsBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, MIS, or other related field preferredMust be project, goal, and detail orientedHigh attention to detail on projects completedIntelligent, self-motivated developerBenefits Xpressdocs is a leading provider of direct marketing solutions for enterprises and franchises. Our industry recognized proprietary software solution features an efficient way to produce integrated marketing campaigns that include print, email and social media. Platform users can easily customize and order full-service direct mail, digital and offset printing, custom packaging, bindery and finishing services. Xpressdocs powers marketing efforts for hundreds of national brands, across a variety of industries including: real estate, professional services, franchise businesses and healthcare.  Xpressdocs promotes a healthy lifestyle by providing a non-smoking environment. Xpressdocs encourages applicants of all ages and experience to apply, as we do not discriminate on the basis of age.
 At MercuryGate, every solution we create is designed to be The Future of Delivery. This same attribute applies to our dedicated team members, whose expertise and dedication have made MercuryGate an industry leader.  As a member of our team, you will have the ability to work on projects for Fortune 500 companies, contributing actively in supporting their strategic initiatives. This opportunity will build your knowledge base and allow you to interact with some of the world’s most respected companies. Are you ready to work in a fun, fast-paced and energetic environment that challenges you and rewards you for innovation, creativity and initiative? If so, come play with the MercuryGate team of champions by applying for our Senior Software Engineer (Full Stack Developer) opportunity today! Overview Qualified candidates can easily architect and build web front-ends using JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3 using the latest frameworks. Additionally, they can fluidly move between advanced front-end coding to implementing a scalable back-end using Java and Oracle.  The ideal candidate will have demonstrated the ability to design and implement system components, meeting deadlines, effectively managing priorities, communicating progress, and enjoys working as part of a team. Strong analytical, problem solving, refactoring, and debugging skills are required. To that end, candidates will be asked to discuss their best work and explain what made it great, as well as life lessons learned that have helped them grow as a professional. Work with a cross-functional agile development teamExperiment with new technologies and bring fresh ideas that can benefit and evolve our tech stackLives the creed of leaving the code in a better placeIsn’t afraid to dig into existing code and work to improve it.Understands the role CI/CD plays in rapid deliveryRequired Skills/ExperienceBS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent. Masters degree a plusMinimum 5 years of front-end development using JavaScriptMinimum 8 years of full stack Java based web application developmentExcellent communication skills, and attention to detailRequired Frontend Skills/ExperienceExpert with a major Javascript framework (React, Angular, Ember, Backbone, ExtJS)Experience with HTML5 and CSS3 including CSS preprocessors like SASSExperience with single page JavaScript applicationsExperience with cross browser support for the latest browsersRequired Backend Skills/ExperienceExpert with Java including Hibernate/JPAProficient with Oracle databases and SQLBuild and consume internal/external APIs (including, but not limited to REST)Experience with SpringPreferred Skills / ExperienceHands-on experience with test-driven development (TDD) and CI/CDWorked with highly scalable, distributed, micro-service based applicationsExperience with AMQP Messaging (RabbitMQ, ActiveMQ, etc)Strong experience with profiling and performance optimizationExperience with NodeJS and YarnExperience with Webpack a plusKnowledgeable about current best practices with JavaScript/CSS including ES6

 Seeking a passionate and experienced Intern with solid computer science fundamentals to make a significant contribution to the Content Services team. This position will report to the Sr. Manager, Web Engineering in Redwood City, CA. This is for a 12 week Summer Internship.  The Shutterfly Content Tools and Services team is responsible for creating next gen authoring platform and services for the Cards Gifts and Decor products and also is responsible for creating a new rendering platform.  Responsibilities: Development of highly performant and scalable REST servicesContribute to best practices by helping author unit tests, functional tests and performance test automation.Leverage state-of-the-art NoSQL solutions for data I/O performanceParticipate in design reviews of service and framework componentsEnsure services are highly scalable to handle large traffic with very low latency Key Skills and Experience Strong knowledge of data structures, algorithms and design patternsStrong object oriented design and modeling in Java or other OO languagesStrong knowledge in relational databases (one of Oracle/MySQL/Postgres) and SQL.Knowledge of web services and general services design, experience a plusBasic knowledge of the HTTP protocolExperience some of the following technology is a plus – Git, Perforce, MongoDB, Redis, Java Spring framework, Eclipse, IntelliJ or other IDEMust be comfortable at the Unix/Linux command lineExcellent communication and interpersonal skillsBS/MS in Computer Science or Engineering highly desirableMust have a positive, Can Do! Attitude and willing to have fun while working
 X by 2 is a team of software architecture specialists, bilingual in business and technology, who set the standard for architecture excellence in the insurance and healthcare industries. Careers with X by 2 offer rapid growth, constant learning, and the immediate chance to make an impact. It’s a true meritocracy – fueled by a diversity of backgrounds, cultures, and experiences.  We're looking for people that have been playing senior software design and software development roles but seek accelerated opportunities to become solution architects; people with a passion for technology and the desire to learn and grow, architect and design enterprise solutions. Participate in architecture definition, product selection, and application design.Play key roles in large projects. Senior Developer. Mentor. Technical Leader. Technical Project Manager.Participate and provide leadership in all phases of a project from discovery and planning through implementation and delivery.Design and develop core business applications for insurance, healthcare and other clients.Wear many hats and gain experience with tools, technologies and platforms across many technology stacks.Work closely and share ideas with fellow Developers and Architectss.Learn new things, and grow rapidly from constant exposure to innovative ideas, concepts, and patterns.QualificationsDesign and develop enterprise class business applications and integration solutions using Java/J2EE, .NET, and JavascriptMust have a computer science/software engineering background (degree and/or experience)Knowledge and experience using enterprise application, integration and design patternsStrong problem solving skillsAbility to conceptualize and articulate ideas clearly and conciselyExcellent communication and interpersonal skillsWillingness to travel based on client/project needsOur PhilosophiesAgile approach – emphasis on good people, continuous delivery of value, close collaboration with clientsLearning and reuse by leveraging patterns and frameworksDeliver results by playing key leadership roles on capable teams focused on full life-cycle from discovery and planning through implementation and launchNo technology bias and no affiliations with vendors – we use the technologies and approaches that make sense for our clientsConstant learning – adding modern technologies, frameworks, tools and products to our tool beltWork Environment and CultureBe surrounded by smart talented people with shared values of continually challenging, investing in, and stretching themselves to new levelsCollaborate with seasoned architects to solve problems and to challenge assumptionsWork in small teams with opportunities for rapid growth and accelerated responsibilities driven purely by individual performanceOpen environment, flat organization, flexibility, and no hierarchical structuresEveryone has a voice and is always encouraged to engage in shaping the company by sharing their interests, ideas, and feedbackBenefits and PerksHealth, Vision, Dental, Life, Disability401(k) with employer matchAnnual bonuses, raises, and promotionsPrograms: Professional Development, Wellness, Professional Dress allowanceDiscretionary Points and Travel Points redeemable for cash or additional time offCompany sponsored social events for employees and familiesWork-Life Balance: flexible hours, vacation days, sick days, personal days, holidaysTravel Expense Reimbursement – mileage, car/train, flight, hotel, food etc.
 Barracuda Networks is seeking a talented individual to join us as a Software Engineer to work on our client side Web Security products. The individual will be joining a team with a proven track record in Ann Arbor, Michigan and be a part of our Security Business unit working primarily on the Barracuda Security Agent that works in conjunction with the Barracuda Web Filter and cloud services. What you need to be successful?Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or Software Engineering; or equivalent work experience3-4 years of relevant work experienceStrong C/C++/C# skills with emphasis on object-oriented programmingIn depth knowledge of Windows applications and .NET platform.Expertise in Win32/64 programmingFamiliarity with Windows Filtering Platform (WFP) and Layered Service Provider (LSP)Inter process communication using Windows IPC, sockets, and Winsock2GUI development using Windows Forms and Windows Presentation Foundation (WFP)Experience with integrating native and managed applications on the Windows PlatformSolid understanding of HTTP/HTTPSExcellent analytic/troubleshooting skillsSolid written and verbal communication skillsAble to collaborate and thrive in a fast-paced environmentCross-platform development experience with Mac OS X and Windows is a plusOur workplace includes:Great downtown location, with tons of restaurants within walking distanceOpen floor conceptTable tennis and arcade machinesBagel WednesdaysSubsidized parking
Description: Responsible for the development of new applications/modules. Candidate should have a good understanding of Microsoft .NET technologies (client and web) and be able to work with our development team while following our processes and best practices. Technology: Needs: Microsoft .NET (C#), 5+ yearsASP.NET MVC (v3+ preferred), 3+ yearsJavaScript, jQueryHTML/CSSBootstrap, layout frameworksWeb Services/APIs: client side interaction with services; Creation of web services and APIsSQL/MySQL: ability to understand SQL and author queries, views, and stored proceduresSource control, specifically Git Skills: Windows application development, applications for Windows tablets using .NETStrong emphasis on client-side development for very rich user experiencesStrong understanding of the web, application life cycle, general knowledge of how a large scale web application worksCross browser: development and testing in IE (supported versions), Chrome, Safari, Firefox, etc.Mobile development (responsive design) Nice to have: E-commerce related experienceJIRA/Bitbucket Experience 5 years of experience working with web applications, more emphasis on the ASP.NET side5 years of client-side related project experience in building user interfaces and interacting with web services/APIs General 5 years? experience developing queries, views, and stored proceduresThis individual should be self-motivated and able to take direction on these projects as well as have the ability to work with a team.Strong ability to communicate (written and spoken)
Software Developer – Growing Software Company – Miami, FL Emphasys Software is seeking a Software Developer to develop and test modern, web-based application products at its headquarters in Miami, FL. We’re looking for a designer who has a passion for building innovative software solutions. PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES Design web-based application products, conduct system analysis, and participate in programming activities that may require research.  Draft technical documentation of product sub-systems.  Conduct unit testing and integration testing for functionality and limits.  Perform complex bug verification, release testing, and beta support for assigned products, research problems discovered by testers or customers, and develop solutions to the problems.  Research and understand the marketing requirements for a product, including target environment, performance criteria and competitive issues. REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree in a Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar program. One year of experience in programming and/or technical system support is a plus.  General technical knowledge in software development, analytical and design skills, research and problem-solving skills.  Outstanding oral and written communication and people skills. Proven ability to work in a team environment.  Proficient in HTML, Java, JavaScript, and C# language. Must be familiar with relational database tools and SQL. Knowledge of the MS .NET Framework and experience with the MS Visual Studio IDE is a plus. WHY EMPHASYS? At Emphasys, our mission is to “be a company of outstanding people delivering vertical market enterprise software solutions through long term partnerships with clients.” We recognize that the primary key to the success of our mission is our team members. As such, we want employees who are positive, energetic and passionate. We want team members who excel in their roles, who seek challenges and find innovative solutions to them, and who never stop growing personally and professionally. Simply put, we want to hire the best, and, more importantly, we want to retain the best.  The Emphasys team believes in a positive corporate culture stressing excellence, innovation, work-life balance and personal and professional development. In recognition of our corporate culture, Emphasys was named one of Florida Trend’s “Best Companies to Work For” in 2014 and 2015.  If you have any questions please contact recruitment at (305)921-4040.
 Overview  We’re looking for a software engineer interested in working with geospatial and imagery data. We need your help to build products that allow server and desktop applications to work with this rich geographic and imagery data model. Join our team and work on challenging projects such as high volume image processing, LiDAR, feature extraction, full motion video (FMV), image analysis, and other remote sensing methods. ResponsibilitiesFirst, we need you to develop industry-leading softwareJust as important: collaborate with software developers to integrate toolkits and libraries into ArcGISYou’ll also develop advanced image processing components, algorithms, and APIsContribute to building advanced photogrammetric software components, workflows, and user experiencesSolve and articulate complex problems with application design and development and create great user experiencesRequirementsExperience writing software in C/C++, C#/.NETExperience with remote sensing, image processing, photogrammetry, and/or image analysis application developmentUS citizenship and ability and willingness to obtain a security clearanceBachelor’s, master’s, or Ph.D. in computer science, remote sensing, photogrammetry, or related field, depending on position levelRecommended QualificationsExperience developing computer vision algorithms or GPU-based processingExperience with manned or unmanned aerial systems, flight dynamics, flight planning, or GPS/IMU systemsFamiliarity with the NITF format and specification, full motion video (FMV/MISB), and UAVsWeb application development using HTML5/JavaScript/CSS3/REST The Company  Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 What You'll Do You’re extremely motivated Software Engineer and passionate about learning and contributing to the team and the business with "can do" attitude.  o Strong design/programming ethic. Knowledge of designing large-scale systems in C/C++ environments is helpful.  o Dedication to Quality: Ability to ensure and commit to a higher standard of quality than usual in the face of time to market pressures.  o Strong OS fundamentals and networking concepts is a requirement.  o In-depth experience in designing networking systems with L2, L3 and multicast background Responsibilities: Participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation Campus switching architectures. Define, architect, design, and deliver new software and features for the Campus switching platforms  Day to day activities will involve building new features, understanding features in a competitive product and proposing solutions that work for our platform, writing functional and design specifications, programming, unit and integration testing your code, helping review specifications and code for other software engineers in the team, helping documentation team with the configuration aspects of your feature. Who You'll Work With The Wireless Networking Group (WNG) is the industry leader in enterprise WLAN with a proven track record in building innovative wireless solutions. We are looking for passionate and dedicated Embedded Linux savvy programmers to form the core of a new team delivering service provide features for a key segment of wireless customers.  Do you enjoy spearheading innovation through personal initiative? Would it excite you to be part of a highly motivated best of breed engineering team who is redefining and refreshing the software portfolio for Cisco's Wireless access points? Would you like to challenge yourself in driving a key technology transition in the Wireless Industry while working the market leader? Would you cherish to develop code using the most modern development methods using a test driven development focus? Can you demonstrates the ability to develop software with a system-level focus while understanding the impact of every component, work with minimal supervision, collaborate with a cross-functional team and leverages technical knowledge and project management experience to accomplish the goals. Who You Are o You are a Software engineer with 5+ years of experience with BS/MS in computer systems, software and architecture.  o Expertise in 802.11 a, b/g, n protocols  o Understanding of LAN/WAN routing/switching and other network layer protocols  o You possess the aptitude to multi-task in fast-paced environment  o You have at least 3 years of Linux embedded development experience  o You are good with writing distributed platform and system software  o You are desired to have experienced with board bringup, writing and debugging device drivers  o Deep understanding of Linux and network resource management  o You are an excellent C programmer and possess strong analytical and logical solving skills  o You have experience with CPU/Memory Management/IO and Virtualization technologies  o You have a deep expertise of the network protocol stack, including L2 switching and IP Routing, TCP/IP  o Prefer strong skills in Python/Perl scripting Desired Skills: o Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, good teammate  You should be able to own large portions of the software from a technical perspective  o Handle multiple tasks at once and work independently with minimal managerial mentorship.  Have experience in customer deployment.  o Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  o Strong team building skills. This role requires the ability to work across departments and with other teams  o Be open to continuous learning and committed to ongoing self-improvement.*LI-RS1
 OverviewSpring Venture Group has an immediate opening for an Application Development Manager at its Kansas City, MO corporate headquarters. This is your opportunity to work for a rapidly-growing organization that is revolutionizing our market space. We are a stable company that has the culture of a Silicon Valley startup. We are looking for the best and brightest to join our team!ResponsibilitiesCollaborate with business stakeholders to create technical solutions that provide value to SVGContinually work to identify and implement process improvements to improve the quality of the software development processManages software development staff including performance evaluations, promotions, hiring and disciplinary responsibilitiesProvide mentoring and guidance to software development staffEnsure software development staff is following documented SDLC and architectural principlesCollaborate with project managers to align resources on projects based on current prioritiesSolves problems and makes decisions on a daily basis relative to software development responsibilitiesEnsures that effective representation takes place for the coordination of work processes and projects with other departments and divisionsWorks effectively as a team member and with other members of managementQualificationsYou are a self-starter with the ability to appropriately prioritize and plan complex work in a rapidly-changing environmentYou are results oriented with an ability to produce products that deliver organizational benefitYou are a strong critical thinker with problem solving aptitudeYou have excellent communication skills with ability to explain technical concepts to non technical people. You have experience working with mid to senior level stakeholdersYou have a proven track record of using collaboration to develop consensus and buy-in from all IT staff on technologyYou understand that leadership comes from your ability to persuade others, not a title or positionYou have a passion for solving business problemsYou have experience in developing estimations using Agile-based approachesYou have experience mentoring software developersAt least 2 years of experience as a team leadAt least 5 years of technical experience in software developmentAll members of our team must exemplify the desired culture and philosophies of the organization and be able to work effectively with members of various departmentsCandidates must be able demonstrate knowledge of Agile methodologies, Microservice or Service Oriented architectures, Java, SQL, DevOps and Cloud computing. Must be authorized to work legally within the US. H-1B Sponsorship is not available for this position.  Spring Venture Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
What You'll Do You’re extremely motivated Software Engineer and passionate about learning and contributing to the team and the business with "can do" attitude.  o Strong design/programming ethic. Knowledge of designing large-scale systems in C/C++ environments is helpful.  o Dedication to Quality: Ability to ensure and commit to a higher standard of quality than usual in the face of time to market pressures.  o Strong OS fundamentals and networking concepts is a requirement.  o In-depth experience in designing networking systems with L2, L3 and multicast background Responsibilities: Participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation Campus switching architectures. Define, architect, design, and deliver new software and features for the Campus switching platforms  Day to day activities will involve building new features, understanding features in a competitive product and proposing solutions that work for our platform, writing functional and design specifications, programming, unit and integration testing your code, helping review specifications and code for other software engineers in the team, helping documentation team with the configuration aspects of your feature. Who You'll Work With The Wireless Networking Group (WNG) is the industry leader in enterprise WLAN with a proven track record in building innovative wireless solutions. We are looking for passionate and dedicated Embedded Linux savvy programmers to form the core of a new team delivering service provide features for a key segment of wireless customers.  Do you enjoy spearheading innovation through personal initiative? Would it excite you to be part of a highly motivated best of breed engineering team who is redefining and refreshing the software portfolio for Cisco's Wireless access points? Would you like to challenge yourself in driving a key technology transition in the Wireless Industry while working the market leader? Would you cherish to develop code using the most modern development methods using a test driven development focus? Can you demonstrates the ability to develop software with a system-level focus while understanding the impact of every component, work with minimal supervision, collaborate with a cross-functional team and leverages technical knowledge and project management experience to accomplish the goals. Who You Are o You are a Software engineer with 5+ years of experience with BS/MS in computer systems, software and architecture.  o Expertise in 802.11 a, b/g, n protocols  o Understanding of LAN/WAN routing/switching and other network layer protocols  o You possess the aptitude to multi-task in fast-paced environment  o You have at least 3 years of Linux embedded development experience  o You are good with writing distributed platform and system software  o You are desired to have experienced with board bringup, writing and debugging device drivers  o Deep understanding of Linux and network resource management  o You are an excellent C programmer and possess strong analytical and logical solving skills  o You have experience with CPU/Memory Management/IO and Virtualization technologies  o You have a deep expertise of the network protocol stack, including L2 switching and IP Routing, TCP/IP  o Prefer strong skills in Python/Perl scripting Desired Skills: o Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, good teammate  You should be able to own large portions of the software from a technical perspective  o Handle multiple tasks at once and work independently with minimal managerial mentorship.  Have experience in customer deployment.  o Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  o Strong team building skills. This role requires the ability to work across departments and with other teams  o Be open to continuous learning and committed to ongoing self-improvement.*LI-RS1 
PROGRAMMER ANALYST (CONTRACTOR) QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  â?¢ The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills, and/or abilities (KSAs) required (examples: knowledge of specific aspects of an industry, technical knowledge and/or skills, communication skills, analytical skills, problem solving ability, multi-tasking ability...).  â?¢ Solid understanding of Information Technology (IT) products and technologies, demonstrated by an undergraduate degree in a related field and experience working on multiple projects with different IT technologies and products.  â?¢ Solid practical experience performing software development for a wide range of applications.  â?¢ Solid experience with Python, demonstrated by end-to-end project experience with Python development. Additional experience with one or more of the following software languages: Java, Javascript, C#. â?¢ Familiarity with web development. Experience with one or more of the following web technologies: .NET, Django, Flask, Node.js. â?¢ Knowledge of web services, such as REST APIs. â?¢ Familiarity with database structures and database queries in SQL.  â?¢ Experience with configuring and maintaining web and database servers.  â?¢ Experience with analyzing data and providing meaningful insights.  â?¢ Ability to execute exploratory projects, trials, and proof-of-concepts with multiple technology possibilities for application.  â?¢ Strong organizing and inter-personal skills.  â?¢ Ability to work progressively with a wide range of individual levels, sponsors, stakeholders, and resources.  â?¢ Strong written, verbal communication and presentations skills; ability to present information to business groups.  â?¢ Ability to communicate across a wide range of audiences with a variety of technical backgrounds.  â?¢ Solid problem-solving skills and sound business judgment.  â?¢ Ability to work independently and deliver projects with minimal supervision.  â?¢ Ability to manage work on multiple projects simultaneously.  Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  EDUCATION: High school degree or GED is Required. Bachelor's degree is Required. Preferably in the field of Computer Science, Information Systems, Technology, Computer Engineering, or Software Engineering.  EXPERIENCE: 3-5 Years of experience in software development and/or the development or implementation of new technologies or products; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  JOB SUMMARY:  â?¢ This role has responsibility for the successful execution of Innovation Projects that comprise Strategic Innovation Programs, involving new and emerging technology, or the application of established technologies new to Universal.  â?¢ Requires the ability to execute projects from the conceptual stage (e.g., proofs-of-concept, trials, etc.), and evaluate new and emerging technologies and their application.  â?¢ This role will require strong technical skills in information technology (IT), including software development, technology evaluation, and IT project execution.  â?¢ This role will work closely with all members of the Strategic Innovation team to implement key projects for the Solutions Delivery, Infrastructure, Operations, PMO, Governance and Security teams, business partners, and vendors.  â?¢ This role also works with project and team leadership to ensure the successful transition of Innovation projects to the Solution Delivery or Operations teams, following the established project life cycle methodology to successfully meet business goals.  â?¢ Although the primary function of this role is that of a software developer, the role will include several other duties as assigned.  â?¢ This may include field work and on-site testing of projects and applications.  â?¢ In addition, the role will be expected to regularly provide analysis on technology and provide thoughtful insights and take initiative to develop solutions with little to no explicit directions.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES % OF TIME Technical Project Implementation 60% Being responsible for the execution of several projects within key Innovation programs, including pilots, trials, and working demonstrations of New TechnologiesDeveloping proofs-of-concept, demonstrations, and tests/trials of new technologies and productsCreating architectural designs for new technology conceptsProviding input on the software and/or hardware aspects of new products or conceptsDrafting project documentation and other written deliverables in Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint, and other formats as appropriateProviding reports as needed and communicating to project team and stakeholdersSupporting and updating previously developed applications as needed  Resource Engagement & Management 10%Coordinating and collaborating across all IT groups, business partners, and vendors assigned to deliver a project, following established software development and project implementation policies and procedures as applicableWorking proactively to research, analyze, identify, and document steps necessary to achieve project goalsManaging scope and resources to successfully deliver project deliverables within schedule and budgetParticipating in project team meetings to accomplish project deliverablesDetermining and targeting individual project milestonesParticipating in high-level sessions for program planning and development scheduleSupporting the â??start-up' of new development projectsParticipating in the determination of KPI, benchmarks and success benchmarks and then delivering on them as agreed toManaging risks and issues and determining corrective measures Assessment of New & Emerging Technologies 20% Participating in and arranging exploratory meetings & briefingsFacilitating on-property demos and expert presentationsFielding technology inquiries both internally and externally  Business Case Development 5%Participating in the conceptualizing of early projects and promoting high-level business benefitsCreating summary briefs and presentations for managementCollaborating with contributing stakeholders in Finance, Business Development, Operations, and others  Communication Facilitation 5%Working closely with our business partners to understand their business and system problems and opportunities in the context of the requirementsWorking with the Technology teams and management to identify solutions that enable the organization to achieve its project goalsActing as a communication conduit between Innovation team and key stakeholdersCreating communication frameworks, examples (PowerPoint), and/or commissioning conceptual communication tools (Artist Renderings, Diagrams
PLEASE USE A WEB BROWSER OTHER THAN INTERNET EXPLORER IF YOU ENCOUNTER ISSUES (CHROME, FIREFOX, SAFARI, ETC.) Amerisure is an insurance organization charged with creating exceptional value for its Partners for Success® agencies, employees and policyholders. As a property and casualty insurance company, Amerisure’s promise to our partner agencies and policyholders begins with a comprehensive line of insurance products designed to protect businesses, as well as the health and safety of every employee. Amerisure is an “A” (Excellent) rated organization from A.M. Best Company and services mid-sized commercial enterprises focused in construction, manufacturing and healthcare. We are ranked as one of the top 200 Property & Casualty companies in the United States, and have more than $798 million in Direct Written Premiums and $875 million in surplus.  Amerisure is currently recruiting for a Data Warehouse Developer to reside in our Corporate Headquarters in Farmington Hills, Michigan. The ideal candidate will possess the following skill set. Summary Statement Provides and/or facilitates the planning, analysis, design, development, implementation, and maintenance of software, scripts and utilities that support timely and accurate data population of Amerisure’s Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW). Essential Tasks/Major DutiesProvide technical expertise necessary to meet project and business requirements as well as production and maintenance in support of assigned project/application areas.Work with other EDW Development team members to estimate, plan and schedule tasks to meet assigned target dates.Participate in the requirements gathering, preparation of specifications, and design for new projects and/or existing systems.Build use cases and execute test plans that encompass unit testing and analysis of results.Document new and existing systems, develop workflows, and create other supporting documents in adherence to all departmental and corporate standards, provide a clear audit trail of activities taken on specific program or system projects.Obtain approvals and consult with Production Control as needed to prepare programs/systems for implementation.Review completed code, documentation and other deliverables to ensure that they meet specifications and requirements based on defined expectations.Knowledge, Skills & AbilitiesBachelor's degree in Business, Computer Science or Engineering required or equivalent work-related experience.Three years' experience working in an Oracle data warehouse environment using ETL tools including PL/SQL and/or Oracle Data Integrator (ODI).Demonstrates experience and knowledge of data structure and database concepts and practices, with ability to monitor and tune performance.Proficient understanding of multiple data warehouse/BI related technologies, including DBMS, dimensional warehouses, scripting, reporting tools, and Oracle SQL tuning.Ability to interpret conceptual, logical and physical ER modelling and dimensional data models.Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to lead collaborative project discussions and present technical solutions to a diverse array of business customers.Demonstrates experience in one or more systems development life cycle (SDLC) methodologies, including those that support agile/iterative development.Demonstrates knowledge of project/system management methodologies.Demonstrated successful ability to build positive relationships and partnerships within department, across the organization and with external customers.Ability to think strategically with supporting analytical and problem-solving skills, including the ability to deal with ambiguity.Insurance industry experience strongly preferred. Just as we are committed to creating exceptional value for our Partners for Success® agencies and policyholders, Amerisure also remains committed to being an employer of choice. We reinforce this commitment by adhering to an Employee Value Proposition that is provided through a competitive total rewards package. Amerisure offers a Compensation & Benefits Package that includes competitive base pay, performance based incentive pay, comprehensive health & welfare benefits, 401(k) savings plan, cash balance pension plan, and profit sharing. In addition to generous paid time off programs, we allow our employees flexible and remote work arrangements.  If you strive for excellence and are committed to personal and professional growth, Amerisure is looking for you. Together we accomplish more. Please apply on line at amerisure.com.  Amerisure Insurance provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Amerisure Insurance complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Amerisure Insurance expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Amerisure’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.
 First National Bank of America is looking for a self-motivated 'out of the box' thinking developer who works well in an environment that is not tightly structured. Structure and collaboration seem to be popular these days but at First National we think they are a bit overrated. While it is certainly true that some structure and some degree of collaboration is essential, they are tools used by us to increase our productivity and not ends unto themselves. We think that ultimately you do your best work alone. To that end we've created a brand new office environment that offers group work areas but emphasizes private, quiet space.  As part of our team you will work with 10 other developers whose experience ranges from 30+ years to Java 8SQL Server 2016JavaScript/ES6Automated testing (test-driven development is a strong plus)Modern web frameworks like Ember.js or PolymerGitREST web servicesContinuous deliveryHOWEVER, if you don't meet these requirements in experience or programming languages but still think you could fit in and be productive, please apply anyway – don't be so structured!
Kaseya Engineering seeks a Senior Software Development Engineer (Senior SDE) to help design, develop, and implement solutions for our award winning products. We use a wide range of technologies internally, and look for interesting experience and skill sets. One day you might be working on a cloud app in Microsoft Azure, and the next day debugging a Classic ASP page that we are rewriting in ASP.NET. From Java to C#, C++ to PowerShell, we use the right tools for the right job to solve interesting problems on almost any device or platform our customers use. You will add your rich experience to our endeavor, namely: to ship high-quality software that is on time and business-aligned. Were a company whose startup days are behind it but with a lot of growing yet to do. If you want to be part of making the changes to take us to the next stage of growth while having fun doing your job, this is the opportunity for you.Senior SDEs take ownership of their code and work closely with others to develop new features as well as efficiently address reported defects in ways that delight our customers. Using an Agile/Scrum methodology, they discuss requirements, propose solutions, accurately estimate their work, and then collaborate with others through the entire life cycle. They write code at an expert level and are recognized as sources of improvements and enhancements to our products and processes. They not only use best practices, they help drive adoption of these practices within the department.Role & ResponsibilityFollow the established Agile/Scrum methodology for software design, development, code reviews, and testing; ensuring product quality and reliabilityDesign, develop and integrate expert solutions that can be shipped on time while complying with standards for usability, security, stability, reliability, and performancePropose ways to improve engineering processes and assist in driving their adoptionRequired SkillsBS in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.5-7 years experience in C#, Java, C++, or PythonKnowledge of ALM suites such as JIRAA strong understanding of relational databases, query design, and best practicesHighly effective communication skills (both written and verbal)Expert-level knowledge of working in an Agile/Scrum environmentDesired SkillsRich experience in Continuous Integration (CI) and build automation processesExperience increasing the adoption of unit tests and code validation techniques to assure deliverables are of high quality and ready for testKaseya provides equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, age, ancestry, gender, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, veteran status, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
Position Title: Oracle Developer (Junior/Mid-level)Division: 02 Systems and Software EngineeringProject Location: Redstone Arsenal, ALJob Type: Regular Full-timeVisa Eligibility:  U.S. Citizens onlySecurity Requirement:Applicant must possess a current Secret level security clearance. Position Summary: Oracle developer with experience with LOGSA and with logistics information systems in the areas of readiness and maintenance data processingResponsibilities:Duties will include tracing issues between Java applications and the Oracle database and resolving problems on either side. Other duties will include Unix/Linux navigation, search, file permission, shell script programming, and job execution skills.Excellent written and verbal communication are needed along with excellent customer service skills. The applicant will be working on interdepartmental projects and interfacing with clients at all levels.Collaborates with technical staff to understand and to develop new solutions or the resolution of software problems.Use expertise to design develop, code, test, and debug software.Support the entire application lifecycle (concept, design, test, release, support)Gather specific requirements and suggest solutionsWrite unit and UI tests to identify malfunctionsTrouble shoot and debug to optimize performanceEstimated percentage of time spent: developing and writing code 75%, requirements review 10%, testing code 10%, and meetings 5%.QualificationsESSENTIAL SKILLS:Oracle Enterprise Edition – 2 years of experienceExperience with LOGSA and with logistics information systems in the areas of readiness and maintenance data processing is highly desired.Junior to mid-level proficiency is required in Oracle PL/SQL and Java programming with good debugging skills.Must have the ability to integrate Java with Oracle and analyze and interpret embedded SQL in legacy Java code to decompose/fix legacy embedded SQL.Java, Java Server Faces, Spring, NetBeans IDE WebLogicserver, Java messaging services, Oracle database, SQL, PL*SQL, and Oracle utilities such as SQL*Loader, Oracle Advanced Queuing Toad Linux shell scriptingAble to demonstrate flexibility and cooperation in a fast paced, group environment.PREFERRED:Web Service standards (SOAP, REST, WSDL, WS-I Basic Profile, WS-* extensions and standards)Educational Requirements:A minimum of an Associate’s Degree in Computer Science or MIS and 2 years direct experience in the design, development, implementation and support of custom client enterprise projects are required.JBM is an Affirmative Action Employer. EOE/Minorities/Women/Veterans/DisabledPhysical Demands and work environment:The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Physical demands: While performing duties of job, employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; use hand to finger, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Work environment: The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.Office type environment with temperature control. May be exposed to chemicals related to office equipment. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. General office environment.DISCLAIMER: The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this position.To Apply:Please visit the Careers section of our website, https://jobs-gojbm.icims.com/jobs/intro and submit your resume for consideration. Please provide a salary requirement or range in U.S. dollars.J.B. Management, Inc. (JBM) is a veteran-owned business that provides professional support and highly-skilled technical services to clients worldwide. JBM supports its customer base in multi-faceted business endeavors across the United States, focusing on demonstrated proven performance and the creation of long-term relationships. Today, JBM also provides operational systems integration, logistics services and information operations assistance to U.S. Forces deployed overseas. We are JBM - Smart Solutions For Those We Serve
SOFTWARE DEVELOPERSUMMARY: We are looking for a Full Stack .NET Developer who is hands on and passionate about building engaging websites and applications, enjoys working with the creative team to create rich user experiences, and has the attention to detail to bring creative ideas to life. While primarily focused on the back-end, integration and understanding of the front end is crucial to the position. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: The essential duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Have at least five years of software development experience focused on public-facing website development.Possess an in-depth understanding of object-oriented VB/C#/ASP.NET development–preferably using ASP.NET MVCPossess a solid depth in Database Development to ensure data integrity with ease of maintainability.Have experience developing web applications using MS SQL Server (Working knowledge of MySQL, etc.).Have experience utilizing Git.Possess the skills and patience to deliver a rich user experience using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.Have experience with JavaScript that extends beyond utilizing publicly available plugins. (Node.JS (server/client/utility), BackboneJS, Angular 2+, React, jQuery)Have the ability to create and integrate with APIs.Have experience with Cloud technologies such as Azure, AWS or others.Have an understanding of network and application security.Be able to create a whole application including database and front-end and deploy into productionHave the ability to support legacy codebase, understand and maintain existing applications.Be comfortable in an agile development environment.Be a driven, positive, self-starter with the ability to thrive and deliver in a fast-paced, innovative and creative environment.EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:High school diploma or equivalent minimumProven experience as software developerExcellent communication and interpersonal skillsAbility to maintain confidentiality is a mustBS/BA in IT or relevant discipline will be considered an advantagePOSITION DETAILS:Job Type: Full-time Schedule: Mon-Thurs 7am-5pm, with an hour unpaid lunch and Friday 8am-12pm Compensation: Based on experience
 EchoStar Corporation (NASDAQ: SATS) headquartered in Englewood, CO, with additional locations world-wide, is a premier global provider of satellite solutions and technology services. Together with its major subsidiaries—EchoStar Satellite Services and Hughes Network Systems— EchoStar offers employees the opportunity to explore the boundaries of what’s possible in the fields of engineering and the business functions transforming this engineering into revenue.  As a Senior Software Engineer, you will be working as part of an Agile team to analyze, design, develop, test, document, and implement high-performance, real-time/embedded applications incorporating all technical elements from low level driver development to user interfaces.  Responsibilities: Review system requirements and designDesign and develop new software applications, working closely with system designers and developersImplement software applications passing through all stages of developmentComplete development projects on time and within budgetPresent project objectives, risks and success criteria to Management teamProvide clear and detailed status reports on a regular basis to Management teamAnalyze and resolve software issuesParticipate in development and maintenance of software release notes and guidelinesMentor junior software programmersRequirements:Bachelor’s Degree or higher; preferably Computer Science major or related discipline.10 to 12 years of software development experienceProficiency in software development in real-time embedded Linux environmentsC/C++, Objected Oriented development experienceExperience using scripting languages (e.g. Perl, Python)Preferred Qualifications:Exposure to Web Technologies (HTML/JAVASCRIPT/APIs)Device driver developmentKnowledge and experience with Multithreading, working in a multicore environmentAlgorithm development experienceNetworking knowledgeFamiliarity with CPU Architecture and HW basicsTeam leadership experienceGood Communication skills both written and verbalAbility to multi-task and work collaboratively within a team environmentExcellent troubleshooting and problem solving skills EchoStar and its Affiliated Companies are committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by local, state, or federal law. U.S. Citizenship is required for certain positions. EEO is the law.
About Digital Promise Global Digital Promise Global is a nonprofit organization working to spur innovation in education. By working with educators, entrepreneurs, researchers, and leading thinkers, Digital Promise Global leverages technology, taps into research, and shares powerful stories to improve the opportunity to learn around the world. This work supports people�s development of learner agency, and their ability to operate in a global context. Digital Promise Global works in collaboration with Digital Promise and is a fast-paced, growing, entrepreneurial organization that values and rewards performance, collaboration, and innovation. About the InitiativesThe Learning Studios support a global network of 60+ schools to launch experiential and maker learning centers.The 360 Filmmakers Challenge supports high school teachers to engage their students in creating virtual reality stories about their communities.The Maker Promise is a national network of K-12 schools actively engaged in developing and sharing maker education best practices.About the Position Digital Promise Global is looking for an enthusiastic Software Developer with experience building dynamic websites using full-stack JavaScript. The developer will be responsible for the development and maintenance of the Learning Positioning Systems web app, which provides tools and resources for ed-tech product developers and educators to incorporate powerful research into their work. The developer will also have the opportunity help shape the product and the strategy behind it. ResponsibilitiesWrite high-quality JavaScript for front- and back-end purposesWrite high-quality CSS and HTMLOversee the stability and up-time of the LPS web app using the command line and AWS toolsHelp develop architectural solutions to new and existing challengesContribute to product decision-making to improve the LPS web appInvestigate and resolve bugsDevelop unit tests to help ensure code qualityQualifications The preferred candidate will hold a technical degree and have: At least 1 year experience in web development using full-stack JavaScriptExpertise in JavaScript, CSS, and HTMLFamiliarity with Angular 2 and TypeScriptFamiliarity with the command lineExperience with AWS products and toolsExperience with a version control system (e.g. Git)Experience with React and/or D3.js is a plusAbility to work independently in a fast-paced environment and manage competing tasks, deadlines, requirements, and decisions.Strong interpersonal and communication skills.A passion for education, a team mentality, creativity, and a positive �can-do� �yes-and� spirit.Compensation Salary and benefits will be commensurate with experience. To Apply Please apply and submit your resume, cover letter and salary requirements. Applicants are encouraged to submit their materials as soon as possible. Review will be on a rolling basis until the search is successful.  Digital Promise Global is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applications without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status.START YOUR APPLICATION© 2017 Digital Promise  Applicant Tracking System Powered by
 What You'll DoYou're deeply motivated, passionate about learning and giving to the team and the business with "can do" attitude.Strong design/programming ethic. Design large-scale systems in C/C++ environments will be helpful.Dedication to Quality: Ability to ensure and contribute to a higher standard of quality.Strong OS fundamentals and networking concepts is a requirement.In-depth experience of design networking systems with L2, L3 and multicast backgroundRole & Responsibilities: Participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation Campus switching architectures. Define, architect, design, and deliver new software and features for the Campus switching platforms  Day to day activities will involve building new features, understanding features in a competitive product and proposing solutions that work for our platform, writing functional and design specifications, programming, unit and integration testing your code, helping review specifications and code for other software engineers in the team, helping documentation team with the configuration aspects of your feature. Who You'll Work With Cisco Switching Software Group builds for the Catalyst switching platforms. This group handles all of enterprise switching needs, helping Cisco be the market leader in campus access switching, for both wired and wireless..  In order to fervently continue to grow the revenue, the group is looking for new capabilities and valued network services to current platforms as well as next generation product lines that will help resolve critical customer problems.  The switching software team is a group of talented individuals responsible for the architecture, design, implementation and support of all infrastructure and features on the next generation Catalyst switches.  As a member of this team, you will work on wireless functionality on switch platforms. You will be working right from the product requirements stage all the way through customer support. You will involve product requirement analysis, SW design and implementation, write technical design documents, and perform tests. You will have an opportunity to get direct customer exposure. Who You Are BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent is required with 10+ years of experience in related fields and dynamically growing responsibility in the career. Why Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking aggressive risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unrivaled personalities who aren't afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.  We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired Gurus. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  We Are Cisco.  *LI-CB1
 ICL Systems is the leading provider of systems solutions designed for the demands and challenges of the finished vehicle supply chain. Only ICL Systems offers seamless integration and total visibility in all segments of the finished vehicle pre-delivery and transportation process. ICL Systems has approximately 50% market share of this industry and is celebrating 25 years of great partnerships! Great company culture, collaborative team, and casual work environment.Incredible benefit package, paid vacation, paid holidays, paid personal/sick days.Stocked kitchen with food and beverages.Weekly company provided lunch.Flexible hours with an emphasis on work/life balance. Job Requirements Ability to create support documentation for all new applicationsProven knowledge of the most current web development programming languages7+ years Java development requiredExperience developing web applications using Java EE as the core framework requiredStrong experience with Spring, Hibernate/JPA requiredStrong knowledge of web UI technologies including HTML, CSS and JavaScript requiredExperience with Java Server Faces (JSF) requiredExperience using PrimeFaces JSF component libraries desiredExperience in developing and consuming web services using REST protocol a plusJasper Reports a plusExperience with Single Sign On (SSO) a plusMobile experience on iOS and Android platforms a plusA solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practicesAdequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application developmentAggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem solving skillsStrong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumenAbility to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques.7+ years work experience in application developmentBachelor s degree in a technical field, such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Science & Informatics, Information Management, Software Engineering, Information Technology, Engineering or Information Systems Key Responsibilities The role is responsible for designing, coding and modifying webpages, from layout to function and according to a client's specifications.Create applications that address the phases of SDLC (software development life cycle)Update existing applications to meet the security and functionality standards as outlined in the company s policiesAssist in updating application development policies to ensure that all future applications meet the latest technical requirementsWrite well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practicesCreate webpage layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practicesIntegrate data from various back-end services and databasesStay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into operations and activitiesCooperate with web designers to match visual design intentSupport future development on mobile platformPerform code reviews, manage offshore developmentDevelop POC to support new concepts
ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Application Development ActivitiesUnderstand and translate business requirements into accurate application specifications.Estimate software development effortsDesign and code updates to new applicationsDesign, implement, and extend additional functionality to existing systems, refactoring where appropriate.Troubleshoot and resolve problems and errors with existing systems.Write code that is stable, reusable, and conforms to team coding style and standards.Balance multiple projects, manage daily work-load, and prioritize tasks.Participate in peer code reviews and technical meetings by providing appropriate and constructive feedback.Maintain communication with team, supervisor, and project manager regarding status of software development.Accurately maintain code in Team Foundation Services (TFS), appropriately documenting and commenting check-in and merge activities.Support QA, UAT, and integration testing efforts, including test case execution when necessaryPrepare and package completed software for production deploymentSmoke test applications as an integral part of the deployment processAccurately record and classify development time in the Software Development Request systemCollaborate closely with team members to understand varying system designs and team coding practices. Participate in pair programming when appropriate.NECESSARY SKILLS AND ABILITIES:Requires 7+ years developing software in an enterprise environmentVB & C# LanguagesASP.NET Web Forms and MVC developmentSOAP and REST Web Services (WCF and WebAPI 2)T-SQLTeam Foundation SeverHTML5/CSS3JQueryJavaScriptSQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent in a related fieldMust demonstrate effective problem solving and critical thinking skillsStrong written and verbal communication skills; able to speak to business owners, end users, and engineers alikeAbility to work individually and in a team environmentSelf-motivated and able to handle responsibilities without consistent oversight EOE. DFW. A background check will be run for this position. Tanger Management participates in E-Verify.
 X by 2 is a team of software architecture specialists, bilingual in business and technology, who set the standard for architecture excellence in the insurance and healthcare industries. Careers with X by 2 offer rapid growth, constant learning, and the immediate chance to make an impact. It’s a true meritocracy – fueled by a diversity of backgrounds, cultures, and experiences.  We're looking for people that have been playing senior software design and software development roles but seek accelerated opportunities to become solution architects; people with a passion for technology and the desire to learn and grow, architect and design enterprise solutions. Participate in architecture definition, product selection, and application design.Play key roles in large projects. Senior Developer. Mentor. Technical Leader. Technical Project Manager.Participate and provide leadership in all phases of a project from discovery and planning through implementation and delivery.Design and develop core business applications for insurance, healthcare and other clients.Wear many hats and gain experience with tools, technologies and platforms across many technology stacks.Work closely and share ideas with fellow Developers and Architectss.Learn new things, and grow rapidly from constant exposure to innovative ideas, concepts, and patterns.QualificationsDesign and develop enterprise class business applications and integration solutions using Java/J2EE, .NET, and JavascriptMust have a computer science/software engineering background (degree and/or experience)Knowledge and experience using enterprise application, integration and design patternsStrong problem solving skillsAbility to conceptualize and articulate ideas clearly and conciselyExcellent communication and interpersonal skillsWillingness to travel based on client/project needsOur PhilosophiesAgile approach – emphasis on good people, continuous delivery of value, close collaboration with clientsLearning and reuse by leveraging patterns and frameworksDeliver results by playing key leadership roles on capable teams focused on full life-cycle from discovery and planning through implementation and launchNo technology bias and no affiliations with vendors – we use the technologies and approaches that make sense for our clientsConstant learning – adding modern technologies, frameworks, tools and products to our tool beltWork Environment and CultureBe surrounded by smart talented people with shared values of continually challenging, investing in, and stretching themselves to new levelsCollaborate with seasoned architects to solve problems and to challenge assumptionsWork in small teams with opportunities for rapid growth and accelerated responsibilities driven purely by individual performanceOpen environment, flat organization, flexibility, and no hierarchical structuresEveryone has a voice and is always encouraged to engage in shaping the company by sharing their interests, ideas, and feedbackBenefits and PerksHealth, Vision, Dental, Life, Disability401(k) with employer matchAnnual bonuses, raises, and promotionsPrograms: Professional Development, Wellness, Professional Dress allowanceDiscretionary Points and Travel Points redeemable for cash or additional time offCompany sponsored social events for employees and familiesWork-Life Balance: flexible hours, vacation days, sick days, personal days, holidaysTravel Expense Reimbursement – mileage, car/train, flight, hotel, food etc.
Software Developer Parsippany, NJ: Limited domestic travel and/or relocation to multiple client locations nationwide to design, develop, implement software engineering applications using dot net technologies, Anjular, JavaScript, JQuery, ASP.NET, C#, Backbone, Marionette, KnockoutJS. Test, troubleshoot, maintain existing applications. Reply to: Macrosoft, Inc., 2 Sylvan Way, 3rd Floor, Parsippany, NJ 07054. Web Id: 85953NJ.com . Category: Technology, Keywords: Programmer
 WeddingWire is seeking a Lead Software Engineer to bring a wide range of professional expertise and knowledge to our global Product Development team as we create the very best wedding experience for couples, their guests and vendors--our small business customers. Over 10 years, we have experienced rapid growth to over 900 employees around the world while maintaining a creative startup culture. You will be challenged with managing innovative solutions and you will be empowered with the autonomy and opportunity to impact change within the $200 billion international wedding marketplace. Join us on our journey as we continue our global expansion among 15 countries in North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia. ABOUT THE ROLE:Facilitate high quality, scalable product deployment through recommending requirements, architectural designs, user stories, and other artifacts.Participate in productive, results-driven business discussions and decision making.Lead the design and implementation of mechanisms to share data securely and efficiently between teams.Implement solutions quickly and efficiently with minimal error and delegate lower level tasks to more Junior developers when appropriate.Execute strategy surrounding code deployments and manage the foundation and framework for others to be effective throughout the release process.Assist in automating the developer toolkit to provide recurring value to the company over time; enabling quicker ramp times for new employees and more efficient internal transfers.Foster an environment of professional growth and will actively work to mentor less experienced engineers.Execute strategy to automate the quality assurance phase of the development cycle through rigorous automation testing.Support a DevOps culture; monitoring system uptime, response times, and product quality and in issue resolution by being on-call for work delivered.SUCCESSFUL LEAD SOFTWARE ENGINEER CANDIDATES HAVE:A Bachelors degree or 6-8 years of engineering experience; advance degrees are a bonusBeen trained as engineers and know how to build fault-tolerant systems that handle hairy edge casesA passion for coding, design and automation, technical expertise, and knowledge to effectively hide internal complexity behind elegant and simple interfacesDiverse perspectives with the ability to consider all angles of the business while making pragmatic decisionsThe drive to build things, ship early and often, initial comfort with less than perfect, a willingness to say no when needed, build to throw away, and clarity with anything you create because you know the next thing's going to be even betterA team player mentality, a hands-on, technical approach to mentoring others and the ability to find reward and delight in seeing others around you growExtensive full-stack experience in a wide range of technologies; a bonus if you know our stack but not required (our stack includes Ruby on Rails, React/Redux/ES6/Webpack, PHP, MySQL, Elasticsearch, Redis, Chef and NGINX)WHY WEDDINGWIRE?Our Amazing Team! Our team is led by the industrys top leaders. We are a supportive team that wants every employee to succeed. WeddingWire employees are deeply proud to work here and are eager to onboard employees who want to promote the mission of our organization and achieve our business objectives.Training & Development! WeddingWire provides each employee with company orientation during week one. From there, each team onboards and trains each employee specific to their role. We also provide continuous education and other learning opportunities for the broader team through guest speakers, Leadership Development and Managers Certification Programs and crash courses.Award-winning Culture! We are proud to have been selected by numerous organizations as one of DC's Best Places to Work! We strongly believe in promoting a unique employee experience and that happy employees lead to happy customers: our competitive advantage! We make significant investments in cultivating our culture, which consistently ranks the highest attribute of working for WeddingWire on our internal and external employee surveys.OUR PERKS: Unlimited Vacation - Cutting-edge technologies - Casual attire - Commuting Allowances - Stipends for Professional Development for Every Employee - Give-Back Programs with Matched Donations - Full Menu of Health Benefits - Matched 401(k) Plan - Flexible work schedules - Regular events - Catered breakfast every morning - Company-sponsored team outings - Monthly catered lunches - State of the Art Facility - Paid parental leave for birth and adopting parents - Company-paid Life and Disability Insurance - and more!  ---  WeddingWire provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability. In addition to federal law requirements, WeddingWire complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. WeddingWire expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.
 The Sempra Utilities Enterprise GIS applications team has immediate opening for a Software Developer in San Diego. In this role, the developer will work with the team to enhance, support and maintain the Electric GIS application suite (ESRI ArcGIS, ArcServer, Portal and Mobile applications). The developer will follow the teams GIS programming standards for design, testing, implementation and support. The position will perform hands-on ArcGIS software development using C#, Microsoft .Net (Visual Studio 10 or above), javasscript, ArcPython and other programming tools. The developer will also perform GIS database modeling and optimization using the ArcSDE Oracle application. Under the leadership and tactical supervision of a Software Team Lead, Software Developers work with Senior Developers to maintain and enhance GIS desktop, web, Portal and Mobile GIS applications. Individuals in this job position should be familiar with Software Development Life Cycles. The ideal candidate is a software developer who has previously worked with electric utility GIS applications with experience in the following job functions Developing tools, widgets and other programs with the Esri ArcGIS desktop, electric ArcFM, ArcGIS server, ArcGIS Portal and Web applications.Provide support and troubleshooting related to GIS operations including GIS infrastructure, database, and application issues.Takes directions from senior developers and team lead in prioritizing work tasks.Manage short-term day-to-day operational requests as well as long term project assignments RequirementsA bachelor's degree in information systems, computer science, or equivalent work experience and technical training is required.Minimum three years’ experience in developing and implementing IT projects required and experience with software package installation, configuration and systems integration.Experience in the following:.NET software development, Web Services, UML, XML, XSD, and WSDL Web services platforms and interoperability between J2EE, and .NET, platformsIn depth knowledge of information technologies and methodologies in distributed computing environments is critical Strong problem solving, analytical and technical skillsAbility to quickly acquire and utilize new business knowledge and technical skillsExperience in GIS application design, programming, implementation, and support within electric utility GIS deployments is highly desired.Effective time management and organizational skills.Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 02/10/2018
 Overview  Impact is looking to add a Strategic Services Developer for our Nationally ranked Best and Brightest Workplace!  The Developer will be responsible for the research and analysis of customer business processes, systems, and work-flows with the objective to optimize and automate using the best of breed software from Impact’s providers. Once requirements have been identified from the pre-sales team, the Strategic Services Developer will be responsible for the development and deployment of the solution in coordination with the Strategic Services Systems Integrators. These solutions will have significant impact on the associated processes and in most cases will be highly visible to end users and Executives. The Strategic Services Developer will be automating manual business processes using a combination of software, custom programming, and integration between existing systems. ResponsibilitiesBecome an expert with Impact’s chosen software providers (i.e.: Kofax and DocuWare)Develop integration points using APIs from Impact software providersMaintain and support custom developed integrationsImplement agreed upon solutions effectively and within timelinessBe able to test solutions to ensure they meet desired business needsDocument all work for future improvements and developmentManage projects and schedulesConduct intricate research of existing business process (both technical and work-flow analysis) Things We Are Looking For Minimum 4 Year Bachelor’s Degree in MIS or Computer Science (or related experience)SQL and database knowledgeGeneral programming and development proficiencies (.NET, C#, C/C++, Web Services, HTML, etc).General networking understandingAbility to quickly learn extensive software platforms and have the ability to integrate them with several other software applicationsExtensive general technical understanding (programming, software logic, etc.)Creative, but technical problem solver: quick thinking and fully engaged at all points in the solution from strategy to supportStrong communication skills (phone, e-mail, and in-person)Team oriented: engaging with a group of people to conquer project tasksInterested in future technologies and software
 Xpressdocs is looking for creative individuals who are driven to produce great software solutions. As a Software Developer you will develop applications and systems software for a wide variety of environments including multi-tier, client/server applications, browser-based applications, mobile applications and embedded systems. Our development environments include Windows, .NET, Linux, Microsoft SQL Server, and other databases. Our developers are responsible for business specific analysis, technical design, coding and testing of their own projects. RequirementsBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, MIS, or other related field preferredMust be project, goal, and detail orientedHigh attention to detail on projects completedIntelligent, self-motivated developerBenefits Xpressdocs is a leading provider of direct marketing solutions for enterprises and franchises. Our industry recognized proprietary software solution features an efficient way to produce integrated marketing campaigns that include print, email and social media. Platform users can easily customize and order full-service direct mail, digital and offset printing, custom packaging, bindery and finishing services. Xpressdocs powers marketing efforts for hundreds of national brands, across a variety of industries including: real estate, professional services, franchise businesses and healthcare.  Xpressdocs promotes a healthy lifestyle by providing a non-smoking environment. Xpressdocs encourages applicants of all ages and experience to apply, as we do not discriminate on the basis of age.
 Why Work at Dell?  Endless challenges and rewards. Opportunities on six continents. A team of colleagues fueled by collaboration. All this, and a company deeply committed to integrity and responsibility. Job Description: RSA is looking for a talented and enthusiastic Software Engineer to help us design and develop our new hybrid cloud and mobile identity assurance service, RSA SecurID Access. RSA Engineers use state-of-the-art technologies, tools and automation systems along with their ingenuity to design advanced solutions for Enterprise Security.  You will be part of the team responsible for designing, implementing and integrating the next generation of our SecurID Access product’s Continuous Integration logic and processes. This exciting opportunity will allow you to apply your skills in software design and development into the on the rise focus area of Continuous Integration/Delivery and DevOps for an engineering organization solving real-world information security problems for our customers. Come join us! Skills/Qualifications:The candidate must have:Experience working with a Linux Operating SystemExperience programming in scripting languages compatible with LinuxExperience programming in Groovy or JavaA solid understanding of object-oriented software design principlesInterest in designing, implementing and testing cloud services and applicationsEnthusiasm for automating whenever possible in the areas of creation of product deliverable and application environmentsExcellent written & verbal communication skillsAbility to thrive in a fast-paced team-oriented environmentDesirable skills include:Knowledge of Continuous Integration / Delivery principlesExperience in the development lifecycle of at least one large-scale server-side project (preferably SaaS or SaaS-like)Ability to understand issues of possible failures and recoveries, multi-node deployments, zero down-time development, etc.Ability to understand and solve performance issues and constraintsUnderstanding of scaling, throughput and latency Experience and knowledge in the following technologies is a plus: Computer/Internet SecurityCloud based development (i.e. Azure/AWS Development)Relational databases (e.g. SQL Server, MySQL)RabbitMQ or other messaging systemsTesting frameworks (JUnit, TestNG, Selenium, Selenium Grid, Geb)Java application servers (e.g. Tomcat/tc Server)Spring Framework and Spring BootDirectories (e.g. Active Directory, Oracle Directory Server)Scripting languages (e.g., bash, Powershell, and Groovy)Development, build and continuous integration tools (e.g. IntelliJ, Gradle, Maven, Jenkins including Jenkins Pipeline )Agile software development and tools (e.g. Version One, JIRA, Code Collaborator)EDUCATIONBachelor’s or Master’s degree in Engineering or Computer Science is required Dell is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, genetics, or citizenship status (when otherwise legally authorized to work) and will not be discriminated against on the basis of such characteristics or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell encourages applicants of all ages.
 The Java Developer, onsite in Fishkill, NY, is responsible for developing and supporting Web-based Java applications, Web services and Web interfaces. Main Responsibilities:Responsible for software development, testing, implementation, and maintenance.Develops and enhances product offerings in accordance with design and consistent with business objectivesEnsures that development tasks are completed within timeline provided and that issues are fully tested with minimal defectsEnsures that solutions being developed are effective and take into consideration performance implications for a production environment.Provides detailed estimates for development efforts as needed.Reviews and understands business requirementsAssists with production support issues as they arise.Education and Certifications:Bachelors/Masters degree (preferably Computer Science or Information Systems) or software development/programming certificationsExperience:Understanding of iterative development techniques, with preference given to candidates with experience in an Agile (such as SCRUM) planning cycle.7+ years Java development experience in complex environmentsExpertise in developing Web based applications, SOAP Web Services and REST Services in JavaExperience with Apache Tomcat or GlassfishExperience with Apache James Mail ServerMySQL relational database experiencePrevious development experience with EJB 2.0, JDK 1.6, JDK 1.7, JMS, JSP, JDBC, JAXB, PrimeFacesAssembly, deployment, troubleshooting, and monitoring of J2EE applicationsWorking knowledge of HTML, JavaScript, CSS, DHTML, AJAX, XML, Bootstrap and AngularJSHands on experience with Linux environmentsExperience in performance tuning and profiling production application through code and database improvementsExperience working in a team environment using a Source Configuration Management tool such as Mercurial, Maven, Git, and EclipseFamiliarity with one of the major J2EE IDE toolsDevelopment experience using XSL to generate documentsUnderstanding of advanced programming concepts such as test-driven development, design patterns and re-factoring.Experience using the Atlassian suite of tools including: Jira, Bitbucket, Crucible, HipChat, Confluence
 Company Overview Who Mattersight is: The rubber hits the road when someone picks up the phone to talk to a company. It happens over 250 million times a day. With over 60 percent of people dumping brands because of bad customer service, that phone call can make or break a business.  Enter Mattersight – the only company that uses personality analysis and big data analytics to improve every customer call, increase customer satisfaction and lower costs for Fortune 500 enterprises. Our patented technology mines a private database of over 1 billion customer service calls to quickly pair customers with call center agents they will naturally, effortlessly click with. Awkward and annoying becomes satisfying and enjoyable. Frustrated becomes enthusiastic.  Mattersight helps companies make positive conversations with their customers the rule, not the exception by fostering emotional connections that turn complainers into fans. No one else out there does what we do. We think it’s pretty amazing, and we’re not alone.  Responsibilities & Qualifications Who you are: A highly motivated cutting-edge software developer who wants to nerd out in awesome Austin, TX with our phenomenal SEDS Development team. What you’ll do: The SEDS team is fully responsible for our recording software at our installed base, designing and developing creative solutions to implement our software within our client’s unique telephony environments and continually improving our telephony solution that comprises the core of our ground-breaking Behavioral Analytics product suite. Software Developers on this team work with many of our core functions: audio and telephony capture, network integration as well as third-party data integrations and audio processing.  The successful candidate will perform design, development, sustaining engineering and testing tasks within the Microsoft .NET 4.0+ framework using Microsoft Visual C#. This position requires proficiency in the use of NUnit/Mspec for test-driven .NET application development and the ability to complex applications that use web server, application server and database engine architectures. What you definitely have:1+ years of C# .NET 4.0 and higherExperience with Unit Test frameworksWorking knowledge of Microsoft SQL ServerGood analytic and problem solving skillsWhat we’d also love to see:Troubleshooting or support experienceT-SQL experience Frankly put, big data is exploding and our offering around personality analytics is unique within the industry. That positions us for all kinds of interesting avenues for our business, which is allowing our teams to grow professionally, technically and personally. This is exciting technology in an exciting space, and we want YOU to come join us on this adventure. If you want to grow and contribute in ways you didn’t expect, contact us today and see what matters.  Other Facts  Other Facts What we’re like Mattersight values diversity, curiosity and collaboration. Employees from all experience levels and backgrounds are intermingled and encouraged to learn about each other’s projects. Our offices foster teamwork as well as self-motivation, with a healthy dose of fun thrown in. Where you’ll be Mattersight seeks candidates authorized to work in the United States. The Junior Software Developer role will be based out of Mattersight’s Austin, TX location. Candidates should anticipate little to no travel. What you’ll make Mattersight believes that a successful, thriving company starts with happy, satisfied employees. We are prepared to offer a highly competitive benefits and compensation package for the ideal candidate. What else? Any questions regarding the position should be communicated to Lindsey Becker, Recruiter, lindsey.becker@mattersight.com.  For more information about Mattersight, visit www.Mattersight.com. Mattersight is committed to equal opportunity and affirmative action in all employment matters: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, ancestry, marital or domestic partner status, national origin, disability or medical condition, pregnancy, veteran or military status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or on account of membership or affiliation with anyone in any of the foregoing categories, or any other protected category under federal, state or local law. Although particular legal provisions may differ in various locations in which we do business, our principles are the same worldwide.
 At ZoomInfo we encourage creativity, value innovation, demand teamwork, expect accountability and cherish results. If you are a take charge, take initiative, get stuff done individual we want to talk to you! We have high aspirations for the company and are looking for the right people to help fulfill the dream. We strive to continually improve every aspect of the company and use cutting edge technologies and processes to delight our customers and rapidly increase revenues.  The mission of the Web Applications Team is to build attractive and easy-to-use tools which provide our clients with access to in-depth profiles on millions of business people and companies.  As a Software Engineer on the Web Applications Team, you will get to explore and work with cutting-edge technologies and a tremendously large (and fantastically rich) data set. If you like working on tough problems, whether thats building systems that handle millions of customer requests per day or how to make sense of over a billion pieces of potentially correlated data, ZoomInfo could be the right place for you! Please Note:We are only considering candidates local to the greater Boston, MA area.The Opportunity: Write high-volume server applications (full stack)Build slick and responsive Web UI tools that can handle millions of requests a dayWork with cutting-edge technology like Hadoop, Solr, JBoss, Hibernate, Angular, HBase and MongoSolve interesting and challenging problems alongside a great team of engineersDevelop new skills as you push your knowledge, and our technology, to new levelsWork for a profitable, growing company that works with an impressive Fortune 500 client listThe Requirements: 1-2 years industry experience, B.S. in Computer Science or equivalentExperience writing high-volume web applications (full stack)Knowledge of and success using technologies such as Java, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Node.jsWriting multi-threaded or distributed programs is a plus. You know how to make your code scale.Experience with any of the following is a plus: J2EE, JMS, Hibernate, Spring, Struts, JunitFamiliarity with Hadoop, Solr/Lucene is a plusGood presentation skills. You should be able to talk intelligently and passionately about the interesting challenges your projects presentedYou should be able to tell us why you want to work here and what kinds of challenges you're looking forAbout ZoomInfo: For over a decade, ZoomInfo has helped companies achieve their most important objective: profitable growth. Backed by a database that contains over 225 million businesspeople and 9.3 million businesses, our Growth Acceleration Platform dynamically puts sales and marketing professionals in position to identify, connect, and engage with qualified prospects.  For more information, go to www.zoominfo.com. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, gender, national origin, disability and protected veterans status or any other personal characteristic protected by law.
 OverviewThe Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) is responsible for testing, integration, and validation of new products. The SDET Role specifically implies the use of both automated and manual testing techniques to determine quality. An SDET is responsible for designing and implementing tests, debugging and defining corrective actions before product launches to ensure software runs smoothly and meets client needs, while being cost-effective.Responsibilities Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback.Liaise with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements.Test application (GUI) software in conjunction with networked audio/media systems running embedded software.Test interaction scenarios with finished hardware devices.Develop and document strategies for efficient testing and debugging of our products.Develop software that automatically tests other software using Selenium, C#, or python.Create and execute detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases.Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meeting client needs.Maintain internal QA-specific information systems to track quality assurance metrics (bug tracking, test servers).Verify defect fixes, including regression testing of appropriate related areas.Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies.Other duties as assigned by Supervisor. QualificationsThe successful candidate will possess the following combination of experience, knowledge and skills: C#, Java, or Python programmming skills.Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related subject or equivalent education and experience.Must possess a minimum of 4 years work experience as a SQA Engineer.Prior AV experience is highly desired as well as digital video.Methodical approach to problem solving with careful attention to detail.Ability to juggle multiple responsibilities concurrently while continuing to meet deadlines.Proficient in Microsoft Office applications (Outlook, Word, Excel, and SharePoint).Possesses excellent verbal and written skills in English.Demonstrates excellent organizational and interpersonal skills and is able to work effectively with people of diverse backgrounds and diffuse challenging situations using acceptable and appropriate methods.Ability to work independently and in a team environment.Work Environment:Ability to lift 10 lbs. frequently and up to 50 lbs. periodically.Stand or sit for long periods.This positions is not elgibile for visa sponsorship.Compensation and Benefits: Competitive pay plus fantastic benefits. We offer medical, dental, vision, and prescription coverage plus 401(k) plan.  We value diversity of thought and background and provide equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, veteran status or disability.
Heres what we expect from you:You have 3 or more years of experience with: Ruby, JavaScript, Swift or Objective-C. Most of our projects currently use these languages; however, if youre a strong developer with experience in related tools, wed still like to hear from you. You test by default, and have some database and DevOps experience. React experience is a plus.See the forest and the trees. Developing great products is about being equally concerned with building the right thing as building it well.Work both independently and with a team. Make hard decisions to bring a project to completion.Challenge yourself to dive deep into complex areas of code, learning on the job.Take responsibility (even when no one asks), learn from feedback, and mentor coworkers.Explain solutions to clients in an understandable way.Work collaboratively on a cross-functional team of developers, designers, and business analysts.Bring value to clients by understanding their business problems and helping to solve them.Learn from everyone, no matter what their title is.Who we are Were a curious and humble group of people who love to build things. Learning is the key to our culture, and were always looking for new skills to pick up and ways to hone our craft. We bring that same curiosity to our clients, digging into their needs so we can make sure our design and development projects look great, work great and push their businesses forward.  At Table XI, youll get exposure to many different people and projects. Our clients look to us as a strategic partner, and we make decisions that affect the long-term success of their businesses. Weve helped:Northwestern University research facilities perform and advance clinical researchMaria Pinto relaunch her fashion businessMore than 25,000 people participate in Chicago Ideas Week each yearPharmaceutical companies ensure that medicines and vaccines are manufactured and stored properlyFamilies suffering from tragic circumstances connect with resources and each otherRoger Ebert solidify his legacy as a film critic But the work is just part of what makes Table XI a fun place to be. We make time for people to follow their interests, whether that's volunteering at Code Platoon, speaking at RailsConf, learning a new framework or writing books. If there's something you're passionate about, we want to help you pursue it so you can teach it to the rest of us. Our weekly Lunch and Learns have covered everything from an X-Files approach to design, to React/Flux basics, to culinary skills for home cooks, to website performance testing. Everyone on our team getsDaily gourmet meals cooked in-house with vegetarian, gluten-free, and other options availableThe promise of minimal travelA casual loft office that pairs an open floor plan with quiet roomsCompetitive salaryCigna health insurance401k plan, including employer matchingWe take equality seriously. Table XI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal opportunity employment without regard to race, religion, color, gender (including gender identity, change of sex and transgender status), sexual orientation, age, disability, ancestry, national origin, military or veteran status, marital status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
 1) Experience with Unix or Batch Processing. (C or Shell scripting required) 2) Oracle backend experience  3) Experience with CMS, Medicaid, Federal and State Healthcare Government, or healthcare 
 Overview  We’re looking for a software engineer interested in working with geospatial and imagery data. We need your help to build products that allow server and desktop applications to work with this rich geographic and imagery data model. Join our team and work on challenging projects such as high volume image processing, LiDAR, feature extraction, full motion video (FMV), image analysis, and other remote sensing methods. ResponsibilitiesFirst, we need you to develop industry-leading softwareJust as important: collaborate with software developers to integrate toolkits and libraries into ArcGISYou’ll also develop advanced image processing components, algorithms, and APIsContribute to building advanced photogrammetric software components, workflows, and user experiencesSolve and articulate complex problems with application design and development and create great user experiencesRequirementsExperience writing software in C/C++, C#/.NETExperience with remote sensing, image processing, photogrammetry, and/or image analysis application developmentUS citizenship and ability and willingness to obtain a security clearanceBachelor’s, master’s, or Ph.D. in computer science, remote sensing, photogrammetry, or related field, depending on position levelRecommended QualificationsExperience developing computer vision algorithms or GPU-based processingExperience with manned or unmanned aerial systems, flight dynamics, flight planning, or GPS/IMU systemsFamiliarity with the NITF format and specification, full motion video (FMV/MISB), and UAVsWeb application development using HTML5/JavaScript/CSS3/REST The Company  Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 OverviewSpring Venture Group has an immediate opening for an Application Development Manager at its Kansas City, MO corporate headquarters. This is your opportunity to work for a rapidly-growing organization that is revolutionizing our market space. We are a stable company that has the culture of a Silicon Valley startup. We are looking for the best and brightest to join our team!ResponsibilitiesCollaborate with business stakeholders to create technical solutions that provide value to SVGContinually work to identify and implement process improvements to improve the quality of the software development processManages software development staff including performance evaluations, promotions, hiring and disciplinary responsibilitiesProvide mentoring and guidance to software development staffEnsure software development staff is following documented SDLC and architectural principlesCollaborate with project managers to align resources on projects based on current prioritiesSolves problems and makes decisions on a daily basis relative to software development responsibilitiesEnsures that effective representation takes place for the coordination of work processes and projects with other departments and divisionsWorks effectively as a team member and with other members of managementQualificationsYou are a self-starter with the ability to appropriately prioritize and plan complex work in a rapidly-changing environmentYou are results oriented with an ability to produce products that deliver organizational benefitYou are a strong critical thinker with problem solving aptitudeYou have excellent communication skills with ability to explain technical concepts to non technical people. You have experience working with mid to senior level stakeholdersYou have a proven track record of using collaboration to develop consensus and buy-in from all IT staff on technologyYou understand that leadership comes from your ability to persuade others, not a title or positionYou have a passion for solving business problemsYou have experience in developing estimations using Agile-based approachesYou have experience mentoring software developersAt least 2 years of experience as a team leadAt least 5 years of technical experience in software developmentAll members of our team must exemplify the desired culture and philosophies of the organization and be able to work effectively with members of various departmentsCandidates must be able demonstrate knowledge of Agile methodologies, Microservice or Service Oriented architectures, Java, SQL, DevOps and Cloud computing. Must be authorized to work legally within the US. H-1B Sponsorship is not available for this position.  Spring Venture Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
What You'll Do You’re extremely motivated Software Engineer and passionate about learning and contributing to the team and the business with "can do" attitude.  o Strong design/programming ethic. Knowledge of designing large-scale systems in C/C++ environments is helpful.  o Dedication to Quality: Ability to ensure and commit to a higher standard of quality than usual in the face of time to market pressures.  o Strong OS fundamentals and networking concepts is a requirement.  o In-depth experience in designing networking systems with L2, L3 and multicast background Responsibilities: Participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation Campus switching architectures. Define, architect, design, and deliver new software and features for the Campus switching platforms  Day to day activities will involve building new features, understanding features in a competitive product and proposing solutions that work for our platform, writing functional and design specifications, programming, unit and integration testing your code, helping review specifications and code for other software engineers in the team, helping documentation team with the configuration aspects of your feature. Who You'll Work With The Wireless Networking Group (WNG) is the industry leader in enterprise WLAN with a proven track record in building innovative wireless solutions. We are looking for passionate and dedicated Embedded Linux savvy programmers to form the core of a new team delivering service provide features for a key segment of wireless customers.  Do you enjoy spearheading innovation through personal initiative? Would it excite you to be part of a highly motivated best of breed engineering team who is redefining and refreshing the software portfolio for Cisco's Wireless access points? Would you like to challenge yourself in driving a key technology transition in the Wireless Industry while working the market leader? Would you cherish to develop code using the most modern development methods using a test driven development focus? Can you demonstrates the ability to develop software with a system-level focus while understanding the impact of every component, work with minimal supervision, collaborate with a cross-functional team and leverages technical knowledge and project management experience to accomplish the goals. Who You Are o You are a Software engineer with 5+ years of experience with BS/MS in computer systems, software and architecture.  o Expertise in 802.11 a, b/g, n protocols  o Understanding of LAN/WAN routing/switching and other network layer protocols  o You possess the aptitude to multi-task in fast-paced environment  o You have at least 3 years of Linux embedded development experience  o You are good with writing distributed platform and system software  o You are desired to have experienced with board bringup, writing and debugging device drivers  o Deep understanding of Linux and network resource management  o You are an excellent C programmer and possess strong analytical and logical solving skills  o You have experience with CPU/Memory Management/IO and Virtualization technologies  o You have a deep expertise of the network protocol stack, including L2 switching and IP Routing, TCP/IP  o Prefer strong skills in Python/Perl scripting Desired Skills: o Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, good teammate  You should be able to own large portions of the software from a technical perspective  o Handle multiple tasks at once and work independently with minimal managerial mentorship.  Have experience in customer deployment.  o Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  o Strong team building skills. This role requires the ability to work across departments and with other teams  o Be open to continuous learning and committed to ongoing self-improvement.*LI-RS1 
PLEASE USE A WEB BROWSER OTHER THAN INTERNET EXPLORER IF YOU ENCOUNTER ISSUES (CHROME, FIREFOX, SAFARI, ETC.) Amerisure is an insurance organization charged with creating exceptional value for its Partners for Success® agencies, employees and policyholders. As a property and casualty insurance company, Amerisure’s promise to our partner agencies and policyholders begins with a comprehensive line of insurance products designed to protect businesses, as well as the health and safety of every employee. Amerisure is an “A” (Excellent) rated organization from A.M. Best Company and services mid-sized commercial enterprises focused in construction, manufacturing and healthcare. We are ranked as one of the top 200 Property & Casualty companies in the United States, and have more than $798 million in Direct Written Premiums and $875 million in surplus.  Amerisure is currently recruiting for a Data Warehouse Developer to reside in our Corporate Headquarters in Farmington Hills, Michigan. The ideal candidate will possess the following skill set. Summary Statement Provides and/or facilitates the planning, analysis, design, development, implementation, and maintenance of software, scripts and utilities that support timely and accurate data population of Amerisure’s Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW). Essential Tasks/Major DutiesProvide technical expertise necessary to meet project and business requirements as well as production and maintenance in support of assigned project/application areas.Work with other EDW Development team members to estimate, plan and schedule tasks to meet assigned target dates.Participate in the requirements gathering, preparation of specifications, and design for new projects and/or existing systems.Build use cases and execute test plans that encompass unit testing and analysis of results.Document new and existing systems, develop workflows, and create other supporting documents in adherence to all departmental and corporate standards, provide a clear audit trail of activities taken on specific program or system projects.Obtain approvals and consult with Production Control as needed to prepare programs/systems for implementation.Review completed code, documentation and other deliverables to ensure that they meet specifications and requirements based on defined expectations.Knowledge, Skills & AbilitiesBachelor's degree in Business, Computer Science or Engineering required or equivalent work-related experience.Three years' experience working in an Oracle data warehouse environment using ETL tools including PL/SQL and/or Oracle Data Integrator (ODI).Demonstrates experience and knowledge of data structure and database concepts and practices, with ability to monitor and tune performance.Proficient understanding of multiple data warehouse/BI related technologies, including DBMS, dimensional warehouses, scripting, reporting tools, and Oracle SQL tuning.Ability to interpret conceptual, logical and physical ER modelling and dimensional data models.Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to lead collaborative project discussions and present technical solutions to a diverse array of business customers.Demonstrates experience in one or more systems development life cycle (SDLC) methodologies, including those that support agile/iterative development.Demonstrates knowledge of project/system management methodologies.Demonstrated successful ability to build positive relationships and partnerships within department, across the organization and with external customers.Ability to think strategically with supporting analytical and problem-solving skills, including the ability to deal with ambiguity.Insurance industry experience strongly preferred. Just as we are committed to creating exceptional value for our Partners for Success® agencies and policyholders, Amerisure also remains committed to being an employer of choice. We reinforce this commitment by adhering to an Employee Value Proposition that is provided through a competitive total rewards package. Amerisure offers a Compensation & Benefits Package that includes competitive base pay, performance based incentive pay, comprehensive health & welfare benefits, 401(k) savings plan, cash balance pension plan, and profit sharing. In addition to generous paid time off programs, we allow our employees flexible and remote work arrangements.  If you strive for excellence and are committed to personal and professional growth, Amerisure is looking for you. Together we accomplish more. Please apply on line at amerisure.com.  Amerisure Insurance provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Amerisure Insurance complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Amerisure Insurance expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Amerisure’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.
Kaseya Engineering seeks a Senior Software Development Engineer (Senior SDE) to help design, develop, and implement solutions for our award winning products. We use a wide range of technologies internally, and look for interesting experience and skill sets. One day you might be working on a cloud app in Microsoft Azure, and the next day debugging a Classic ASP page that we are rewriting in ASP.NET. From Java to C#, C++ to PowerShell, we use the right tools for the right job to solve interesting problems on almost any device or platform our customers use. You will add your rich experience to our endeavor, namely: to ship high-quality software that is on time and business-aligned. Were a company whose startup days are behind it but with a lot of growing yet to do. If you want to be part of making the changes to take us to the next stage of growth while having fun doing your job, this is the opportunity for you.Senior SDEs take ownership of their code and work closely with others to develop new features as well as efficiently address reported defects in ways that delight our customers. Using an Agile/Scrum methodology, they discuss requirements, propose solutions, accurately estimate their work, and then collaborate with others through the entire life cycle. They write code at an expert level and are recognized as sources of improvements and enhancements to our products and processes. They not only use best practices, they help drive adoption of these practices within the department.Role & ResponsibilityFollow the established Agile/Scrum methodology for software design, development, code reviews, and testing; ensuring product quality and reliabilityDesign, develop and integrate expert solutions that can be shipped on time while complying with standards for usability, security, stability, reliability, and performancePropose ways to improve engineering processes and assist in driving their adoptionRequired SkillsBS in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.5-7 years experience in C#, Java, C++, or PythonKnowledge of ALM suites such as JIRAA strong understanding of relational databases, query design, and best practicesHighly effective communication skills (both written and verbal)Expert-level knowledge of working in an Agile/Scrum environmentDesired SkillsRich experience in Continuous Integration (CI) and build automation processesExperience increasing the adoption of unit tests and code validation techniques to assure deliverables are of high quality and ready for testKaseya provides equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, age, ancestry, gender, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, veteran status, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
SOFTWARE DEVELOPERSUMMARY: We are looking for a Full Stack .NET Developer who is hands on and passionate about building engaging websites and applications, enjoys working with the creative team to create rich user experiences, and has the attention to detail to bring creative ideas to life. While primarily focused on the back-end, integration and understanding of the front end is crucial to the position. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: The essential duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Have at least five years of software development experience focused on public-facing website development.Possess an in-depth understanding of object-oriented VB/C#/ASP.NET development–preferably using ASP.NET MVCPossess a solid depth in Database Development to ensure data integrity with ease of maintainability.Have experience developing web applications using MS SQL Server (Working knowledge of MySQL, etc.).Have experience utilizing Git.Possess the skills and patience to deliver a rich user experience using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.Have experience with JavaScript that extends beyond utilizing publicly available plugins. (Node.JS (server/client/utility), BackboneJS, Angular 2+, React, jQuery)Have the ability to create and integrate with APIs.Have experience with Cloud technologies such as Azure, AWS or others.Have an understanding of network and application security.Be able to create a whole application including database and front-end and deploy into productionHave the ability to support legacy codebase, understand and maintain existing applications.Be comfortable in an agile development environment.Be a driven, positive, self-starter with the ability to thrive and deliver in a fast-paced, innovative and creative environment.EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:High school diploma or equivalent minimumProven experience as software developerExcellent communication and interpersonal skillsAbility to maintain confidentiality is a mustBS/BA in IT or relevant discipline will be considered an advantagePOSITION DETAILS:Job Type: Full-time Schedule: Mon-Thurs 7am-5pm, with an hour unpaid lunch and Friday 8am-12pm Compensation: Based on experience
About Digital Promise Global Digital Promise Global is a nonprofit organization working to spur innovation in education. By working with educators, entrepreneurs, researchers, and leading thinkers, Digital Promise Global leverages technology, taps into research, and shares powerful stories to improve the opportunity to learn around the world. This work supports people�s development of learner agency, and their ability to operate in a global context. Digital Promise Global works in collaboration with Digital Promise and is a fast-paced, growing, entrepreneurial organization that values and rewards performance, collaboration, and innovation. About the InitiativesThe Learning Studios support a global network of 60+ schools to launch experiential and maker learning centers.The 360 Filmmakers Challenge supports high school teachers to engage their students in creating virtual reality stories about their communities.The Maker Promise is a national network of K-12 schools actively engaged in developing and sharing maker education best practices.About the Position Digital Promise Global is looking for an enthusiastic Software Developer with experience building dynamic websites using full-stack JavaScript. The developer will be responsible for the development and maintenance of the Learning Positioning Systems web app, which provides tools and resources for ed-tech product developers and educators to incorporate powerful research into their work. The developer will also have the opportunity help shape the product and the strategy behind it. ResponsibilitiesWrite high-quality JavaScript for front- and back-end purposesWrite high-quality CSS and HTMLOversee the stability and up-time of the LPS web app using the command line and AWS toolsHelp develop architectural solutions to new and existing challengesContribute to product decision-making to improve the LPS web appInvestigate and resolve bugsDevelop unit tests to help ensure code qualityQualifications The preferred candidate will hold a technical degree and have: At least 1 year experience in web development using full-stack JavaScriptExpertise in JavaScript, CSS, and HTMLFamiliarity with Angular 2 and TypeScriptFamiliarity with the command lineExperience with AWS products and toolsExperience with a version control system (e.g. Git)Experience with React and/or D3.js is a plusAbility to work independently in a fast-paced environment and manage competing tasks, deadlines, requirements, and decisions.Strong interpersonal and communication skills.A passion for education, a team mentality, creativity, and a positive �can-do� �yes-and� spirit.Compensation Salary and benefits will be commensurate with experience. To Apply Please apply and submit your resume, cover letter and salary requirements. Applicants are encouraged to submit their materials as soon as possible. Review will be on a rolling basis until the search is successful.  Digital Promise Global is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applications without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status.START YOUR APPLICATION© 2017 Digital Promise  Applicant Tracking System Powered by
 ICL Systems is the leading provider of systems solutions designed for the demands and challenges of the finished vehicle supply chain. Only ICL Systems offers seamless integration and total visibility in all segments of the finished vehicle pre-delivery and transportation process. ICL Systems has approximately 50% market share of this industry and is celebrating 25 years of great partnerships! Great company culture, collaborative team, and casual work environment.Incredible benefit package, paid vacation, paid holidays, paid personal/sick days.Stocked kitchen with food and beverages.Weekly company provided lunch.Flexible hours with an emphasis on work/life balance. Job Requirements Ability to create support documentation for all new applicationsProven knowledge of the most current web development programming languages7+ years Java development requiredExperience developing web applications using Java EE as the core framework requiredStrong experience with Spring, Hibernate/JPA requiredStrong knowledge of web UI technologies including HTML, CSS and JavaScript requiredExperience with Java Server Faces (JSF) requiredExperience using PrimeFaces JSF component libraries desiredExperience in developing and consuming web services using REST protocol a plusJasper Reports a plusExperience with Single Sign On (SSO) a plusMobile experience on iOS and Android platforms a plusA solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practicesAdequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application developmentAggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem solving skillsStrong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumenAbility to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques.7+ years work experience in application developmentBachelor s degree in a technical field, such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Science & Informatics, Information Management, Software Engineering, Information Technology, Engineering or Information Systems Key Responsibilities The role is responsible for designing, coding and modifying webpages, from layout to function and according to a client's specifications.Create applications that address the phases of SDLC (software development life cycle)Update existing applications to meet the security and functionality standards as outlined in the company s policiesAssist in updating application development policies to ensure that all future applications meet the latest technical requirementsWrite well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practicesCreate webpage layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practicesIntegrate data from various back-end services and databasesStay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into operations and activitiesCooperate with web designers to match visual design intentSupport future development on mobile platformPerform code reviews, manage offshore developmentDevelop POC to support new concepts
 X by 2 is a team of software architecture specialists, bilingual in business and technology, who set the standard for architecture excellence in the insurance and healthcare industries. Careers with X by 2 offer rapid growth, constant learning, and the immediate chance to make an impact. It’s a true meritocracy – fueled by a diversity of backgrounds, cultures, and experiences.  We're looking for people that have been playing senior software design and software development roles but seek accelerated opportunities to become solution architects; people with a passion for technology and the desire to learn and grow, architect and design enterprise solutions. Participate in architecture definition, product selection, and application design.Play key roles in large projects. Senior Developer. Mentor. Technical Leader. Technical Project Manager.Participate and provide leadership in all phases of a project from discovery and planning through implementation and delivery.Design and develop core business applications for insurance, healthcare and other clients.Wear many hats and gain experience with tools, technologies and platforms across many technology stacks.Work closely and share ideas with fellow Developers and Architectss.Learn new things, and grow rapidly from constant exposure to innovative ideas, concepts, and patterns.QualificationsDesign and develop enterprise class business applications and integration solutions using Java/J2EE, .NET, and JavascriptMust have a computer science/software engineering background (degree and/or experience)Knowledge and experience using enterprise application, integration and design patternsStrong problem solving skillsAbility to conceptualize and articulate ideas clearly and conciselyExcellent communication and interpersonal skillsWillingness to travel based on client/project needsOur PhilosophiesAgile approach – emphasis on good people, continuous delivery of value, close collaboration with clientsLearning and reuse by leveraging patterns and frameworksDeliver results by playing key leadership roles on capable teams focused on full life-cycle from discovery and planning through implementation and launchNo technology bias and no affiliations with vendors – we use the technologies and approaches that make sense for our clientsConstant learning – adding modern technologies, frameworks, tools and products to our tool beltWork Environment and CultureBe surrounded by smart talented people with shared values of continually challenging, investing in, and stretching themselves to new levelsCollaborate with seasoned architects to solve problems and to challenge assumptionsWork in small teams with opportunities for rapid growth and accelerated responsibilities driven purely by individual performanceOpen environment, flat organization, flexibility, and no hierarchical structuresEveryone has a voice and is always encouraged to engage in shaping the company by sharing their interests, ideas, and feedbackBenefits and PerksHealth, Vision, Dental, Life, Disability401(k) with employer matchAnnual bonuses, raises, and promotionsPrograms: Professional Development, Wellness, Professional Dress allowanceDiscretionary Points and Travel Points redeemable for cash or additional time offCompany sponsored social events for employees and familiesWork-Life Balance: flexible hours, vacation days, sick days, personal days, holidaysTravel Expense Reimbursement – mileage, car/train, flight, hotel, food etc.
 WeddingWire is seeking a Lead Software Engineer to bring a wide range of professional expertise and knowledge to our global Product Development team as we create the very best wedding experience for couples, their guests and vendors--our small business customers. Over 10 years, we have experienced rapid growth to over 900 employees around the world while maintaining a creative startup culture. You will be challenged with managing innovative solutions and you will be empowered with the autonomy and opportunity to impact change within the $200 billion international wedding marketplace. Join us on our journey as we continue our global expansion among 15 countries in North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia. ABOUT THE ROLE:Facilitate high quality, scalable product deployment through recommending requirements, architectural designs, user stories, and other artifacts.Participate in productive, results-driven business discussions and decision making.Lead the design and implementation of mechanisms to share data securely and efficiently between teams.Implement solutions quickly and efficiently with minimal error and delegate lower level tasks to more Junior developers when appropriate.Execute strategy surrounding code deployments and manage the foundation and framework for others to be effective throughout the release process.Assist in automating the developer toolkit to provide recurring value to the company over time; enabling quicker ramp times for new employees and more efficient internal transfers.Foster an environment of professional growth and will actively work to mentor less experienced engineers.Execute strategy to automate the quality assurance phase of the development cycle through rigorous automation testing.Support a DevOps culture; monitoring system uptime, response times, and product quality and in issue resolution by being on-call for work delivered.SUCCESSFUL LEAD SOFTWARE ENGINEER CANDIDATES HAVE:A Bachelors degree or 6-8 years of engineering experience; advance degrees are a bonusBeen trained as engineers and know how to build fault-tolerant systems that handle hairy edge casesA passion for coding, design and automation, technical expertise, and knowledge to effectively hide internal complexity behind elegant and simple interfacesDiverse perspectives with the ability to consider all angles of the business while making pragmatic decisionsThe drive to build things, ship early and often, initial comfort with less than perfect, a willingness to say no when needed, build to throw away, and clarity with anything you create because you know the next thing's going to be even betterA team player mentality, a hands-on, technical approach to mentoring others and the ability to find reward and delight in seeing others around you growExtensive full-stack experience in a wide range of technologies; a bonus if you know our stack but not required (our stack includes Ruby on Rails, React/Redux/ES6/Webpack, PHP, MySQL, Elasticsearch, Redis, Chef and NGINX)WHY WEDDINGWIRE?Our Amazing Team! Our team is led by the industrys top leaders. We are a supportive team that wants every employee to succeed. WeddingWire employees are deeply proud to work here and are eager to onboard employees who want to promote the mission of our organization and achieve our business objectives.Training & Development! WeddingWire provides each employee with company orientation during week one. From there, each team onboards and trains each employee specific to their role. We also provide continuous education and other learning opportunities for the broader team through guest speakers, Leadership Development and Managers Certification Programs and crash courses.Award-winning Culture! We are proud to have been selected by numerous organizations as one of DC's Best Places to Work! We strongly believe in promoting a unique employee experience and that happy employees lead to happy customers: our competitive advantage! We make significant investments in cultivating our culture, which consistently ranks the highest attribute of working for WeddingWire on our internal and external employee surveys.OUR PERKS: Unlimited Vacation - Cutting-edge technologies - Casual attire - Commuting Allowances - Stipends for Professional Development for Every Employee - Give-Back Programs with Matched Donations - Full Menu of Health Benefits - Matched 401(k) Plan - Flexible work schedules - Regular events - Catered breakfast every morning - Company-sponsored team outings - Monthly catered lunches - State of the Art Facility - Paid parental leave for birth and adopting parents - Company-paid Life and Disability Insurance - and more!  ---  WeddingWire provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability. In addition to federal law requirements, WeddingWire complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. WeddingWire expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.
 Overview  Impact is looking to add a Strategic Services Developer for our Nationally ranked Best and Brightest Workplace!  The Developer will be responsible for the research and analysis of customer business processes, systems, and work-flows with the objective to optimize and automate using the best of breed software from Impact’s providers. Once requirements have been identified from the pre-sales team, the Strategic Services Developer will be responsible for the development and deployment of the solution in coordination with the Strategic Services Systems Integrators. These solutions will have significant impact on the associated processes and in most cases will be highly visible to end users and Executives. The Strategic Services Developer will be automating manual business processes using a combination of software, custom programming, and integration between existing systems. ResponsibilitiesBecome an expert with Impact’s chosen software providers (i.e.: Kofax and DocuWare)Develop integration points using APIs from Impact software providersMaintain and support custom developed integrationsImplement agreed upon solutions effectively and within timelinessBe able to test solutions to ensure they meet desired business needsDocument all work for future improvements and developmentManage projects and schedulesConduct intricate research of existing business process (both technical and work-flow analysis) Things We Are Looking For Minimum 4 Year Bachelor’s Degree in MIS or Computer Science (or related experience)SQL and database knowledgeGeneral programming and development proficiencies (.NET, C#, C/C++, Web Services, HTML, etc).General networking understandingAbility to quickly learn extensive software platforms and have the ability to integrate them with several other software applicationsExtensive general technical understanding (programming, software logic, etc.)Creative, but technical problem solver: quick thinking and fully engaged at all points in the solution from strategy to supportStrong communication skills (phone, e-mail, and in-person)Team oriented: engaging with a group of people to conquer project tasksInterested in future technologies and software
 Why Work at Dell?  Endless challenges and rewards. Opportunities on six continents. A team of colleagues fueled by collaboration. All this, and a company deeply committed to integrity and responsibility. Job Description: RSA is looking for a talented and enthusiastic Software Engineer to help us design and develop our new hybrid cloud and mobile identity assurance service, RSA SecurID Access. RSA Engineers use state-of-the-art technologies, tools and automation systems along with their ingenuity to design advanced solutions for Enterprise Security.  You will be part of the team responsible for designing, implementing and integrating the next generation of our SecurID Access product’s Continuous Integration logic and processes. This exciting opportunity will allow you to apply your skills in software design and development into the on the rise focus area of Continuous Integration/Delivery and DevOps for an engineering organization solving real-world information security problems for our customers. Come join us! Skills/Qualifications:The candidate must have:Experience working with a Linux Operating SystemExperience programming in scripting languages compatible with LinuxExperience programming in Groovy or JavaA solid understanding of object-oriented software design principlesInterest in designing, implementing and testing cloud services and applicationsEnthusiasm for automating whenever possible in the areas of creation of product deliverable and application environmentsExcellent written & verbal communication skillsAbility to thrive in a fast-paced team-oriented environmentDesirable skills include:Knowledge of Continuous Integration / Delivery principlesExperience in the development lifecycle of at least one large-scale server-side project (preferably SaaS or SaaS-like)Ability to understand issues of possible failures and recoveries, multi-node deployments, zero down-time development, etc.Ability to understand and solve performance issues and constraintsUnderstanding of scaling, throughput and latency Experience and knowledge in the following technologies is a plus: Computer/Internet SecurityCloud based development (i.e. Azure/AWS Development)Relational databases (e.g. SQL Server, MySQL)RabbitMQ or other messaging systemsTesting frameworks (JUnit, TestNG, Selenium, Selenium Grid, Geb)Java application servers (e.g. Tomcat/tc Server)Spring Framework and Spring BootDirectories (e.g. Active Directory, Oracle Directory Server)Scripting languages (e.g., bash, Powershell, and Groovy)Development, build and continuous integration tools (e.g. IntelliJ, Gradle, Maven, Jenkins including Jenkins Pipeline )Agile software development and tools (e.g. Version One, JIRA, Code Collaborator)EDUCATIONBachelor’s or Master’s degree in Engineering or Computer Science is required Dell is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, genetics, or citizenship status (when otherwise legally authorized to work) and will not be discriminated against on the basis of such characteristics or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell encourages applicants of all ages.
 Company Overview Who Mattersight is: The rubber hits the road when someone picks up the phone to talk to a company. It happens over 250 million times a day. With over 60 percent of people dumping brands because of bad customer service, that phone call can make or break a business.  Enter Mattersight – the only company that uses personality analysis and big data analytics to improve every customer call, increase customer satisfaction and lower costs for Fortune 500 enterprises. Our patented technology mines a private database of over 1 billion customer service calls to quickly pair customers with call center agents they will naturally, effortlessly click with. Awkward and annoying becomes satisfying and enjoyable. Frustrated becomes enthusiastic.  Mattersight helps companies make positive conversations with their customers the rule, not the exception by fostering emotional connections that turn complainers into fans. No one else out there does what we do. We think it’s pretty amazing, and we’re not alone.  Responsibilities & Qualifications Who you are: A highly motivated cutting-edge software developer who wants to nerd out in awesome Austin, TX with our phenomenal SEDS Development team. What you’ll do: The SEDS team is fully responsible for our recording software at our installed base, designing and developing creative solutions to implement our software within our client’s unique telephony environments and continually improving our telephony solution that comprises the core of our ground-breaking Behavioral Analytics product suite. Software Developers on this team work with many of our core functions: audio and telephony capture, network integration as well as third-party data integrations and audio processing.  The successful candidate will perform design, development, sustaining engineering and testing tasks within the Microsoft .NET 4.0+ framework using Microsoft Visual C#. This position requires proficiency in the use of NUnit/Mspec for test-driven .NET application development and the ability to complex applications that use web server, application server and database engine architectures. What you definitely have:1+ years of C# .NET 4.0 and higherExperience with Unit Test frameworksWorking knowledge of Microsoft SQL ServerGood analytic and problem solving skillsWhat we’d also love to see:Troubleshooting or support experienceT-SQL experience Frankly put, big data is exploding and our offering around personality analytics is unique within the industry. That positions us for all kinds of interesting avenues for our business, which is allowing our teams to grow professionally, technically and personally. This is exciting technology in an exciting space, and we want YOU to come join us on this adventure. If you want to grow and contribute in ways you didn’t expect, contact us today and see what matters.  Other Facts  Other Facts What we’re like Mattersight values diversity, curiosity and collaboration. Employees from all experience levels and backgrounds are intermingled and encouraged to learn about each other’s projects. Our offices foster teamwork as well as self-motivation, with a healthy dose of fun thrown in. Where you’ll be Mattersight seeks candidates authorized to work in the United States. The Junior Software Developer role will be based out of Mattersight’s Austin, TX location. Candidates should anticipate little to no travel. What you’ll make Mattersight believes that a successful, thriving company starts with happy, satisfied employees. We are prepared to offer a highly competitive benefits and compensation package for the ideal candidate. What else? Any questions regarding the position should be communicated to Lindsey Becker, Recruiter, lindsey.becker@mattersight.com.  For more information about Mattersight, visit www.Mattersight.com. Mattersight is committed to equal opportunity and affirmative action in all employment matters: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, ancestry, marital or domestic partner status, national origin, disability or medical condition, pregnancy, veteran or military status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or on account of membership or affiliation with anyone in any of the foregoing categories, or any other protected category under federal, state or local law. Although particular legal provisions may differ in various locations in which we do business, our principles are the same worldwide.
 OverviewThe Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) is responsible for testing, integration, and validation of new products. The SDET Role specifically implies the use of both automated and manual testing techniques to determine quality. An SDET is responsible for designing and implementing tests, debugging and defining corrective actions before product launches to ensure software runs smoothly and meets client needs, while being cost-effective.Responsibilities Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback.Liaise with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements.Test application (GUI) software in conjunction with networked audio/media systems running embedded software.Test interaction scenarios with finished hardware devices.Develop and document strategies for efficient testing and debugging of our products.Develop software that automatically tests other software using Selenium, C#, or python.Create and execute detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases.Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meeting client needs.Maintain internal QA-specific information systems to track quality assurance metrics (bug tracking, test servers).Verify defect fixes, including regression testing of appropriate related areas.Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies.Other duties as assigned by Supervisor. QualificationsThe successful candidate will possess the following combination of experience, knowledge and skills: C#, Java, or Python programmming skills.Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related subject or equivalent education and experience.Must possess a minimum of 4 years work experience as a SQA Engineer.Prior AV experience is highly desired as well as digital video.Methodical approach to problem solving with careful attention to detail.Ability to juggle multiple responsibilities concurrently while continuing to meet deadlines.Proficient in Microsoft Office applications (Outlook, Word, Excel, and SharePoint).Possesses excellent verbal and written skills in English.Demonstrates excellent organizational and interpersonal skills and is able to work effectively with people of diverse backgrounds and diffuse challenging situations using acceptable and appropriate methods.Ability to work independently and in a team environment.Work Environment:Ability to lift 10 lbs. frequently and up to 50 lbs. periodically.Stand or sit for long periods.This positions is not elgibile for visa sponsorship.Compensation and Benefits: Competitive pay plus fantastic benefits. We offer medical, dental, vision, and prescription coverage plus 401(k) plan.  We value diversity of thought and background and provide equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, veteran status or disability.
 1) Experience with Unix or Batch Processing. (C or Shell scripting required) 2) Oracle backend experience  3) Experience with CMS, Medicaid, Federal and State Healthcare Government, or healthcare 
 Join our Location, Motion, and Wireless team and drive innovation that matters!  We build and seamlessly integrate technologies that enrich peoples lives and deliver the absolute best user-experience.  As part of the WiFi software development team, we make decisions that influence the connectivity experience on products people use every single day, across the world. Are you a software development enthusiast?Are you passionate about Internet-enabled devices and networking protocols?Do you want to learn more about WiFi and other wireless technologies? If your answer is yes, we may have the job for you.  Key Qualifications: - Experience developing software using C/C+, Objective-C, or Java- Experience with UNIX systems, and a deep understanding of operating system fundamentals- Understanding of TCP/IP suite of protocols- Excellent analytical, programming and debugging skills- Thrive in a collaborative environment and can clearly communicate while driving multiple projects across teams- Obsessively passionate and inquisitive, and seek to tackle everyday problems in innovative ways- Laser-focused on the smallest details that are meaningful to our customers  Description: As WiFi team member, you'll be responsible for designing, developing and optimizing WiFi networking subsystem software across Apple products including iPhone, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV.  You will also be working across software stacks (Frameworks and API, UI, OS services, and drivers) to maintain and productize features collaboratively with the hardware and software teams within all of Apple.  You will be expected to own, drive and execute the full software development cycle - from the ideation, design, implementation, to testing and measuring the success of the feature you develop. We want you to make intelligent compromises between several contradictory factors such as ease of use, performance and efficiency.  Education:  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent.  Masters Degree is preferred.  Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants.  Additional Requirements: Experience developing iOS or macOS applicationKnowledge 802.11 technologies and standards Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
 OverviewThe Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) is responsible for testing, integration, and validation of new products. The SDET Role specifically implies the use of both automated and manual testing techniques to determine quality. An SDET is responsible for designing and implementing tests, debugging and defining corrective actions before product launches to ensure software runs smoothly and meets client needs, while being cost-effective.Responsibilities Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback.Liaise with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements.Test application (GUI) software in conjunction with networked audio/media systems running embedded software.Test interaction scenarios with finished hardware devices.Develop and document strategies for efficient testing and debugging of our products.Develop software that automatically tests other software using Selenium, C#, or python.Create and execute detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases.Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meeting client needs.Maintain internal QA-specific information systems to track quality assurance metrics (bug tracking, test servers).Verify defect fixes, including regression testing of appropriate related areas.Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies.Other duties as assigned by Supervisor. QualificationsThe successful candidate will possess the following combination of experience, knowledge and skills: C#, Java, or Python programmming skills.Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related subject or equivalent education and experience.Must possess a minimum of 4 years work experience as a SQA Engineer.Prior AV experience is highly desired as well as digital video.Methodical approach to problem solving with careful attention to detail.Ability to juggle multiple responsibilities concurrently while continuing to meet deadlines.Proficient in Microsoft Office applications (Outlook, Word, Excel, and SharePoint).Possesses excellent verbal and written skills in English.Demonstrates excellent organizational and interpersonal skills and is able to work effectively with people of diverse backgrounds and diffuse challenging situations using acceptable and appropriate methods.Ability to work independently and in a team environment.Work Environment:Ability to lift 10 lbs. frequently and up to 50 lbs. periodically.Stand or sit for long periods.This positions is not elgibile for visa sponsorship.Compensation and Benefits: Competitive pay plus fantastic benefits. We offer medical, dental, vision, and prescription coverage plus 401(k) plan.  We value diversity of thought and background and provide equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, veteran status or disability.
Heres what we expect from you:You have 3 or more years of experience with: Ruby, JavaScript, Swift or Objective-C. Most of our projects currently use these languages; however, if youre a strong developer with experience in related tools, wed still like to hear from you. You test by default, and have some database and DevOps experience. React experience is a plus.See the forest and the trees. Developing great products is about being equally concerned with building the right thing as building it well.Work both independently and with a team. Make hard decisions to bring a project to completion.Challenge yourself to dive deep into complex areas of code, learning on the job.Take responsibility (even when no one asks), learn from feedback, and mentor coworkers.Explain solutions to clients in an understandable way.Work collaboratively on a cross-functional team of developers, designers, and business analysts.Bring value to clients by understanding their business problems and helping to solve them.Learn from everyone, no matter what their title is.Who we are Were a curious and humble group of people who love to build things. Learning is the key to our culture, and were always looking for new skills to pick up and ways to hone our craft. We bring that same curiosity to our clients, digging into their needs so we can make sure our design and development projects look great, work great and push their businesses forward.  At Table XI, youll get exposure to many different people and projects. Our clients look to us as a strategic partner, and we make decisions that affect the long-term success of their businesses. Weve helped:Northwestern University research facilities perform and advance clinical researchMaria Pinto relaunch her fashion businessMore than 25,000 people participate in Chicago Ideas Week each yearPharmaceutical companies ensure that medicines and vaccines are manufactured and stored properlyFamilies suffering from tragic circumstances connect with resources and each otherRoger Ebert solidify his legacy as a film critic But the work is just part of what makes Table XI a fun place to be. We make time for people to follow their interests, whether that's volunteering at Code Platoon, speaking at RailsConf, learning a new framework or writing books. If there's something you're passionate about, we want to help you pursue it so you can teach it to the rest of us. Our weekly Lunch and Learns have covered everything from an X-Files approach to design, to React/Flux basics, to culinary skills for home cooks, to website performance testing. Everyone on our team getsDaily gourmet meals cooked in-house with vegetarian, gluten-free, and other options availableThe promise of minimal travelA casual loft office that pairs an open floor plan with quiet roomsCompetitive salaryCigna health insurance401k plan, including employer matchingWe take equality seriously. Table XI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal opportunity employment without regard to race, religion, color, gender (including gender identity, change of sex and transgender status), sexual orientation, age, disability, ancestry, national origin, military or veteran status, marital status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
ABOUT THE TEAM: Our Engineering team design and develop customer centric applications where delivery cycles are measured in months rather than years. Our teams work closely with product managers and customers to extend core functionality as well as design and implement new products and features that make a difference every day for our users. We are a proactive, positive, tight-knit team with a great sense of humor and passion for our work. ABOUT THE ROLE: Youll provide strategic customer facing highly available web front and back end solutions in addition to some internal web applications, and integrations. You should have a nice balance of front and back end web development experience. This will include experience building front end JavaScript based application in frameworks such as React as well as building RESTful services utilizing relational and no-sql databases. In addition, you should enjoy working with internal customers to understand their needs and then with your team to build solutions solving those needs. ABOUT YOU:2+ years web development experience in ASP.NET and JavaScript technologiesExperience in Node.js and React is a plusExperience using OO methodologies in designing software solutions;Experience with building and deploying front end web solutionsUse of APIs and understanding of HTTP and REST architectureKnowledge of AWSKnowledge of SQL Server and RDS/DynamoDBStrong understanding of design patternsComfort with working in an Agile/SCRUM environmentProven ability to work in a rapid release production environmentBachelors degree- Computer Science or equivalent fieldIf you think you are a good match for the Bluebeam team, please send the following:ResumeSome sort of personalized introduction for us. This could be a cover letter, a few bullet points about yourself, a comic strip youve drawn - anything that tells us a bit about you AND why you want to work here. Learn more about Bluebeam here: http://careers.bluebeam.com/. #LI-CT1Bluebeam is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or veteran status.
 Who You'll Work With Cisco Security Business Group (SBG) is at the forefront of developing solutions for addressing the security challenges of our customers. With an annual revenue exceeding $2B, it is one of the fastest growing businesses at Cisco. As Cisco is transforming its business model aggressively to a software and recurring revenue model, security business is leading this journey with 40%+ YoY growth in software recurring revenue.  The Cloud Security group within SBG focuses on developing cloud delivered security solutions (SaaS based) in a platform centric approach. This group is an autonomous group within the business group, and operates like a Startup to nurture innovation in a highly disruptive and high growth domain. This group was formed a year back by combining some of existing cloud assets Cisco had with two hugely successful acquisitions - OpenDNS and CloudLock. Our vision is to build the most complex security solutions in a cloud delivered way with utmost simplicity - disrupt industry's thinking around how deep and how broad a security solution can be while keeping it easy to deploy and simple to manage. We are at an exciting stage of this journey with 100% YoY growth, and looking for a passionate, innovative and action-oriented engineering leader for our Product Engineering group to help us scale our business.  Why is cloud security relevant? Because today's world has changed. The way we work has fundamentally changed. There is more roaming users than ever with rapid growth of BYOD. Business applications have moved to cloud. Enterprise's critical infrastructure has been moving to public/private cloud. At the same time, threat landscape has drastically changed with increased sophistication of attacks. The notion of traditional perimeter based security is being disrupted. Since users, apps and infrastructure have all moved to cloud, security must too. Welcome to the team of geeks passionate about solving this very problem and making world a better place…a secure place.  We have a highly scalable cloud infrastructure spread across 25 data centers where we run our cloud security applications that operate at massive scale - 100B+ requests per day from 65M daily active users. What You'll DoYou will lead a geographically distributed large engineering team to drive execution of our roadmap in a cloud-optimized agile/lean process.Partner with cross-functional core stakeholders within both engineering, product management and field teams to lead the technology direction and facilitate key technical decision points.Collaborate with multiple engineering groups within Cisco to drive E2E solutions and enable leveraging of technologies.Work closely with Products leads to drive product and technology strategy.Create a culture of execution excellence coupled with innovation.Building a team of talented and passionate leaders as we scale.Who You Are15+ years of software development experience, with a strong track record of leadership in technology strategy and product delivery.10+ years' proven experience in software engineering leadership roles, managing large engineering teams. Managing multiple managers and senior managers is essential.Strong technical expertise on cloud technologies and cloud architectural patterns. Key technology areas include HTTP/HTTPS, Proxy, API services, Containerization, Micro-services, Application monitoring and Elastic scaling.Experience in managing a large scale SaaS service - both development and operations.Agile and lean practices, DevOps culture and iterative customer feedback based development is a key aspect of our culture.Sound technical depth - ability to go deep into technical architecture and design when needed to solve a complex problem.Strong engineering delivery and execution track record using agile continuous deployment processProven leadership skills on building leadership talent pipeline thru coaching/mentoring, collaboration beyond boundaries, managing without authority and leading change.A mindset of continuous improvement and making in to the DNA of the team.Highly desirable competenciesExperience in building cloud delivered SaaS based security solutionsExpertise in Security domain - exposure to network and web security technologies and industry trends - firewalls, web security, intrusion detection and prevention systems and DNS based securityGood knowledge of emerging cyber threats and threat intelligence techniques to detect and remediate threatsExperience on cloud, network and end point technologiesProven skills in managing a high growth business and scaling engineering teamsMaster's degree on Computer Science or Electrical Engineering preferred. About Cisco  The Internet of Everything is a phenomenon driving new opportunities for Cisco and it's transforming our customers' businesses worldwide. We are pioneers and have been since the early days of connectivity. Today, we are building teams that are expanding our technology solutions in the mobile, cloud, security, IT, and big data spaces, including software and consulting services. As Cisco delivers the network that powers the Internet, we are connecting the unconnected. Imagine creating unprecedented disruption. Your revolutionary ideas will impact everything from retail, healthcare, and entertainment, to public and private sectors, and far beyond. Collaborate with like-minded innovators in a fun and flexible culture that has earned Cisco global recognition as a Great Place To Work. With roughly 10 billion connected things in the world now and over 50 billion estimated in the future, your career has exponential possibilities at Cisco. LI-TS3 dicedev #GD2015
 Overview  Use your C++ expertise to develop commercial software used to understand data when proximity and location matter. Your work will help professionals from a wide range of industries carry out critical data analysis and map production tasks including, for example, the design and maintenance of critical infrastructure at city, state, and national levels.  You will be part of a team that influences lasting contributions for communities with the C++ software code you create. Responsibilities:Develop excellent software that extends the capabilities of the ArcGIS platformBuild software components using a variety of programming languages (C++, WFP/C#, Java, Scala, JavaScript, etc.) that follow industry-standard design patterns, development methodologies, and deployment modelsSolve and articulate complex problems with application design, development, and user experiencesEnable software users to be successfulYou will develop software used by people who are not software developers. Ensure that the exceptional software you create influences them to be exceptional professionals in their respective fields.Develop yourself and others through teamworkCollaborate with other developers, engineers, and product managers throughout the development processLeverage the knowledge of your peers to better understand business trends, customer communities, and go-to-market strategiesEvolve your programming language skills by staying current with complimentary development languages, database languages, development methodologies, and software design techniquesRequirementsTwo or more years of commercial software development experience with a fluency and passion for C++ (COM, ATL, STL, C++ 11, Boost, Clang)Familiarity with C#, JavaScript, Python, SQL, and XMLUnderstand the importance of software development methodologies (Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, RAD, RUP) and software design techniques (UML, entity relationship diagramming, use cases, data flow diagramming); know how they impact the quality of your design process, team collaboration, and work productWorking knowledge of data storage strategies including SQL (e.g. Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL) and NoSQL alternatives (e.g. Elasticsearch, MongoDB, etc.)Object oriented design skillsThe ability to work closely with the team to build quality software in a constantly evolving environment with the capability to communicate verbally and in writingUS citizenship and ability and willingness to obtain a security clearanceBachelor’s in computer science, computer engineering, or mathematicsRecommended Qualifications:Experience with one or more of the following technologies:C++/CX, C#, JavaScript, PythonRDBMS (SQL Server, Oracle, PosgreSQL, etc.)NoSQL (Elasticsearch, MongoDB, etc.)QtOpenGL or DirectXGISWeb servicesMaster’s in computer science, computer engineering, mathematics, GIS, or related field The Company  Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
What Youll Do The Software Engineer - Back End will participate in requirements gathering, system design, system process documentation, implementation, code reviews, testing, and maintenance of the ConsumerAffairs platform. Furthermore, a good candidate is excited about the Agile development philosophy and is no stranger to the accountability and responsibility that comes with it. This individual will work closely with the ConsumerAffairs team (including business analysts, UX designers, and engineers) to build clarity on product vision and to implement that vision with a high velocity and quality.  Desired Abilities: Proficiency in Python - able to write good, clean, testable, Python codeExperience with MySQL, Django, TDD and gitAn understanding of SEO and accessibility best practicesExperience with JavaScript, CSS3 and HTML5 a plusFamiliarity with nginx, redis and celery a plusWho Are You The right candidate will possess a number of important qualities that allow them to succeed in the role. They include: A strong attention to detailA basic knowledge of Agile development practices2+ years of professional experience developing web applicationsStrong analytical and problem solving skillsFamiliarity with the fast-paced startup environment and cultureA team player with excellent written and verbal communication skills You have no problem living out our core values: Amazing JudgmentClear CommunicationsImpactfulCuriously InnovativePassionately CourageousSelfless HonestyAbout Us ConsumerAffairs is a rapidly growing SaaS business. Companies (Brands) utilize our SaaS product to proactively connect with their customers, collect reviews, solve customer issues, generate sales and shape their online reputation.  Over 8 million consumers visit ConsumerAffairs.com each month to research products and services, connect with brands, write reviews and read news.  ConsumerAffairs is a fun, creative and fast-paced entrepreneurial environment. Our team is energetic, passionate and, dare we say, brilliant. We are looking for like-minded individuals that are highly self-motivated, imaginative and excited about building something together.
PIEtech, Inc. is currently looking for a Software Developer in Richmond, VA  PIEtechSM located in Powhatan, VA, is the developer of MoneyGuidePro financial planning software which is designed for financial advisors. As an industry leader in innovation, we believe in providing advisors software that is smart, easy and adaptable to create friendly and meaningful goal-based financial plans for their clients. MoneyGuidePro is used by thousands of financial service professionals from small-size planning firms to large financial institutions. We strive daily to create great software and provide superior customer support to our users. For the past five years, MoneyGuidePro has been recognized in Financial Planning Magazine as the #1 software of choice among financial advisors.  As a member of the Development team, you will be involved in all aspects of internet software development - from design and coding through to testing and implementation on our production sites. Working for a small company affords the opportunity to work not only with front-end development, but also back-end and client-side development, plus architectural and algorithmic problems in between. Hands-off management allows you the freedom and flexibility to accomplish your goals while working independently and as part of a team under the direction of a Senior Developer.  Successful candidates will have a thirst and passion for software development and learning new technologies. B.S. degree in Computer Science with at least 3 years of coding experience and a strong knowledge of .NET and C# required. Team-player attitude and willingness to take initiative and project ownership is a must.  #INDEEDMP  Core technologies and tools used: C#, ASP.Net MVC, SQL Server, JavaScript, NHibernate. Additionally, knowledge of investment theories and formulas, or experience with mathematical and statistical programming is a plus.Skills:3+ years experience with Linq2+ years experience working on client facing softwareExpertise in reviewing and analyzing codeStrong mathematical skillsKnowledge of financial planning Version 1.42.0.26651 updated 1/25/2018 2:48 PM
What's next in the world of social networks? Empowr is building the world's first social economy. What's a social economy? A social economy is taking the best of what you love about your favorite social network and allowing you the opportunity to monetize your time while you're there. It could be blogging about your passion, selling goods and services or using your expertise to help someone else become successful. We are building a platform that will enable the community to help itself through crowd-sourcing the expertise in the community. We will empower the community to help each other so that everybody wins. What is empowr looking for? We are currently expanding our local San Diego engineering team. Our Software Engineers are responsible for building our product features and to increase functionality. We have a huge vision and a complex product so we need Software Engineers who can create clean and scalable code.  We use pair programming to get you up to speed on things, get you acclimated and find the right place for you. Technical expertise required:3-5 years experience developing with the Microsoft stack C#, .Net Frameworks or Java etc.1-3 years experience developing with JavaScript, Angular.1-3 years of experience developing with HTML5, CSS3.BS or advanced degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline.Mobile experience/AWS/SQL server a plus.Agile Methodology experience a plus. We are a full Microsoft stack, on AWS shop. We utilize services such as Cloudsearch, Memcache, Redis, Kinesis and DynamoDB to support the stack. The ideal candidate will have:A get-it-done attitude, someone who enjoys problem solvingGreat communication skillsA true passion for codingA background in computer science or computer engineeringWhy should I join empowr? There are several reasons you may want to join our team... Maybe you want to be a part of a team that's going to create a game changing social economy? Maybe you want to help build a social economy with the potential to touch and help billions of users across the globe? Maybe you want to help shape the product and company as we scale and grow? Maybe you want to work with a world-class leadership team, specialists across technology, design, program, and strategy who have unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the social networking domain? If those reasons don't make you want to join the team then this probably isn't the place for you but if those excite you and want even more incentive to join, here are a few...  Our kitchen is always full of complimentary snacks including fresh fruit and vegetables, granola/protein bars, mixed nuts, chips, cookies etc. The fridge is stocked with a variety of sodas, energy drinks, flavored waters, almond milk and more.  We provide complimentarylunch every day to all our employees. Breakfast burritos, donuts and bagels are provided on special occasions as well.  All our employees receive 5 weeks paid vacation. Monthly team activities such as sailing, bowling, a trip to Big BearMountain and our annual team trip to Catalina Island for the empowr Olympic games.  We have a dog friendly office! Equity! We have no venture capitalists calling the shots, all the equity goes to our employees. What about work sponsorship? We are currently unable to help with work sponsorship, such as H1B visas, H1B transfers, etc. Where are you located? Our headquarters are in downtown San Diego. 610 West Ash St., San Diego, CA 92101  For immediate consideration please send a copy of your updated resume and/or cover letter to our Lead Recruiter, Jasmine Carrillo, at jcarrillo@empowr.com  Web Developer, C#, .NET, Software Engineer, MySQL, SQL, Java, OOP Job Posted by ApplicantPro
Job Description: ITEC is seeking a Software Developer in Aurora, Colorado to support maintenance and development for a real-time operational SIGINT processing system. The applications are implemented in C++ and Java, with development managed by an established and successful software development team with good customer visibility. The candidate must possess an active TS/SCI security clearance to be considered for the position.The candidate will be responsible for software design, development, integration, and testing within an existing software processing architecture.The candidate will implement software changes to develop new capabilities, enhance existing capabilities, and resolve issues with existing capabilities.The software development environment is based on agile methodologies, so the ideal candidate will have experience working in a fast-paced environment.Familiarity with continuous integration models, unit test development, and automated regression testing approaches is highly desirable.In addition to working with other software developers, the candidate will interface with project managers, systems engineers, and customers on a regular basis, so good communications skills are a must.Roles and Responsibilities:Attend weekly developer meetings to participate in software ticket prioritization and assignment.Communicate status via software ticket tracking tool (currently Trac).Develop software in a Linux environment (currently RedHat / CentOS).Test software using a variety of tools prior to commitment to software baseline.Utilize software version control (currently Subversion).Potential for direct customer support via weekly telecons.Qualifications: To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below: BS Degree in Computer Science or equivalent with 10+ years of software development experience using one or more object oriented programming languages such as C++ or Java.Linux (RedHat / CentOS or equivalent).Scripting Perl / Python or equivalent.Strong verbal and written communications skills are required, as well as the ability to maintain professionalism in a diverse customer environment.Must have a current and active TS/SCI security clearance.Preferred Qualifications: Candidates with these desired skills will be given preferential consideration: GWT / VAADIN UI toolkitsPostgreSQL (or equivalent)ActiveMQHTTPD and website maintenancePKI management and user authenticationSIGINT processing experience For immediate consideration, please send your resume to ************************ . Job Code: #3052  With continuous growth since our inception in 1999, ITEC has a strong and reputable presence in the aerospace and Department of Defense (DOD) market. ITEC is a member of the National Association of Government Contractors. ITEC has experienced exceptional growth because of our commitment to our customers and employees.  We invite you to learn more about ITEC at **************** . Join us. We are always seeking great talent to join our ITEC Team. ID: 3052Post Date:01/23/2018Minimum Clearance: Top Secret/SCI Workplace: On-Site/Office Job Category: IT - Software Compensation: Unspecified annual salary  Unspecified hourly wage Group ID:******* Note: ***************** is restricted for use only to U.S. citizens with active Federal security clearance.
WearenowlookingforDeepLearningSoftwareEngineers: NVIDIA is hiring engineers to scale up its AI infrastructure. You will need to have strong programming skills, a deep understanding of deep learning (algorithms & frameworks), modular design, HPC or distributed computing, networking, i/o management, hierarchical cache design, distributed datasets, distributed computing and specifically distributed deep learning; as well as excellent communication and planning skills. You and other engineers in this team will help advance NVIDIA's capacity to build and deploy leading solutions for a broad range of AI-based applications such as autonomous vehicles, healthcare, virtual reality, graphics engines and visual computing. Whatyouwillbedoing: Collaborate with multiple AI product teams to understand their workflow requirements (cars, healthcare, etc.), and the various tradeoffs between flexibility/model exploration and performance Collaborate with AI applied researchers and leaders to build future-proof frameworks and abstractions Build tools that will increase the productivity of teams developing AI-based systems (training of deep learning / reinforcement learning systems) Work on the bridging the gap between the latest in deep learning research and its application in real world productsWhatweneedtosee: BS, MS or PhD in Computer Architecture, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field 3+ years of experience in developing, crafting or using deep learning frameworks (e.g. Torch, Theano, TensorFlow, etc.) Solid technical foundation in computer memory model (disk, memory, caches), CPU and GPU architectures, networking, numeric libraries, modular software design Deep understanding of deep learning training in distributed contexts: multi-GPU, multi-node, synchronous vs asynchronous Python and/or C/C++ programming Experience in software shipping cycles (dev, deploy, release, CI) and open-source software dev Highly motivated with excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to work successfully with multi-functional teams, principles and architects. Coordinates effectively across organizational boundaries and geographies #deeplearning  We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer
 Software Developer Intern We are looking for Software Developer Interns enrolled in a Masters Degree Program with a start-up attitude to help build our product vision. This exciting role will require someone who cleverly possesses the following skills:Experience of building web applications using LAMP architecture. This will require excellent knowledge of PHP5 OOP and MySQL5 and its surrounding technologiesBroad interest and experience in other programming languages including PythonCode in HTML5 and CSS3 to W3C standards, WAG accessibility, cross-platform compatibility and semantic coding would be highly regardedExperience with Javascript and JqueryAPI experience, including integration and API design would be very impressive (we are a bit fanatical about APIs)Experience developing scalable web applications for high-volume sites is also highly desirablePassion for Open Source technologies, active participation in the Open Source Community is very telling (in a positive way). Apply Now 

 At Sonos, we are passionate about creating and delivering the finest HiFi audio experiences to our customers. Our products stream all the music on earth, in every room, wirelessly, and you control it all from the palm of your hand. Its easy to use, but keeping things simple and bug free is hard work.  We work closely with user experience experts to develop UX-centric applications that connect people to music. Software Engineers working on mobile applications collaborate with some of the brightest minds across multiple disciplines in software, hardware, and design. Our team learns from our users as we constantly improve their experience - making it easier to find and listen to their music out loud in their home.  As a Software Engineer in the Interaction Experience group you will be responsible for improving the Sonos mobile applications to seamlessly connect with our listeners. Your team is strengthening and expanding the connection between customers and the Sonos system, allowing for new innovative ways to use Sonos. If you love music, solving challenging software problems, and doing things the right way every time, wed like to talk to you.* Deliver professional customer-facing software, on schedule and with a high degree of quality. Be integral in designing the future of the Sonos app experience.Collaborate with other Software Engineers, User Experience Designers, Product Managers, DevOps Engineers, and Test Engineers to coordinate larger features.Ask questions, think on your feet, and absorb lots of information.Deliver simple, elegant solutions to complex problems.* A demonstrably high level of expertise in software development using Java or Objective-C.Experience or exposure to C++.Experience developing on the Android and/or iOS platforms, with a demonstrated drive for shipping first class solutions and apps.Exposure to or experience with network-connected apps.Experience breaking down larger features into parts, and working with teammates to get the feature done.Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
About the Job We are looking for a Senior Quality Assurance Engineer with proven experience and automation testing skills to ensure quality and integrity of the security applications belonging to the Security Organization at Akamai. We are looking for a highly technical individual with clear ambition for the quality of software applications, experienced with software testing practices as well as with software writing abilities for creation of automated tests. The role will require collaboration with both local and remote development teams in an agile development environment. ResponsibilitiesAnalyze application, specification and design documents to determine test scenarios.Design and build test environments to cover functional and performance test scenarios.Write test plans, test cases and test reports as needed.Develop and execute automated tests to ensure quality of the application under test.Manage defects through resolution.Collaborate with other team members during the development processWork with product, project and development teams across multiple locations. About the Team Our software underpins the Security BU and its portfolio of solutions that constitute Akamai’s Security Products. These include security monitoring, mitigating and reporting applications. These provide distributed protection from both DDoS and application specific web attacks with on-demand scalability. Akamai’s global footprint of over 100,000 servers provides an overlay network with scale and capacity to not just deliver the largest web events but also secure the largest Internet brands from attack. The team builds and extends Akamai’s highly fault-tolerant wide area distributed content delivery and application acceleration systems to improve performance, security, reliability and availability of high value web sites. Akamai powers over 85% of the top online retailers, with over $100 billion in annual revenue.QualificationsRequired Education and Experience Applicants must meet one of the following education and experience requirements: 5+ years of relevant experience and a Bachelor’s degree or3+ Relevant experience and a Master’s degree orRelevant experience and a PhDBasic Qualifications5+ years of software quality and/or development engineering experience overall3+ years of hands-on experience with UNIX/Linux Operating System3+ years experience programming automation tests in Java/Python or equivalent.2+ years experience with shell scripting.Desired QualificationsExperience with JIRA for bug tracking/project management.Experience with MySQL/Oracle/Cassandra databases.Experience with SVN and GIT.Familiarity with Jenkins.Experience with UI automation using SeleniumStrong Analytical Skills, attention to detail and Excellent Problem Solving/troubleshooting skillsProficiency in Quality Assurance, ability and agility to quickly learn new technologiesExperience testing network focused applications, in particular security appliances.Experience testing applications in an agile development environment.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Highly driven, positive attitude, team player, self-motivated and very flexibleAbility to work both independently and as a member of a cross-team project group.Creative problem solving abilities. Akamai Technologies is an Affirmative Action, Equal  Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the  workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment  and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, race/ethnicity,  protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status.
 General Description  Répertoire International de Littérature Musicale (RILM) publishes RILM Abstracts of Music Literatureand RILM Retrospective Abstracts of Music Literature, widely recognized as the world’s most comprehensive abstracted bibliography on music and related disciplines for over 45 years, now with some 830,000 records. The database is fully searchable with in-depth vocabulary-controlled indexing and abstracts, and with titles given in both the original language and English translations.  RILM is currently aggressively expanding its product offerings, creating several digital publishing initiatives. These initiatives focus on extracting full-text data from publications such as journals and encyclopedias, targeting topics within RILM’s domain expertise. Key to these initiatives is integrating RILM’s existing unique bibliographic and related assets into the indexing and searching process. Other Duties Responsibilities:Software architecture and designUnderstand project requirements, and translate those requirements into architecture design and implementationParticipate in all aspects of development team tasks, testing,and support as appropriateWork closely with project team in an agile environmentParticipate in preparation of both technical and end-user documentationParticipate organization-wide in all RILM development projectsAssistthe product and technology team with input across all projectsProvide communication and recommendations to management and peerson best practices, consistency, and documentationProvide hands-on end user support where necessary Qualifications Qualifications:BS in Computer Science or related field, or related work experience3+ years of experience in software development with experience in: oNoSQL datastoreslike MarkLogic  oProgramming languages like XQuery and JavaScript  oXML (XSL, XPath, and XSLT)  oBuilding front-end web interfaces  oRESTful web services (using both XML and JSON)  oWorking knowledge of version control systemssuch as Git  oExcellentcommunication skills, written and verbal The following qualifications are a plus oExperience with Node.jsor comparable web servers  oExperience with AWS or similar hostingplatforms  oExperience with client-side MVCs such as Angular(preferred), Backbone, or React  oExperience with MS SQL  The successful candidate will have some experience in RILM’s domain area (libraries, academic publishing), or is willing to accept a steep learning curve. The successful candidate will also be willing and able to work in multiple development environments and frameworks, as well as to learn and provide leadership in new environments.
 Monsantos mission is centered on finding agricultural solutions for a sustainable future. Twenty years from now, the earths population will need 55% more food than it can produce now. Today, Monsanto is working with farmers around the world to do something about it. As such, we approach agriculture holistically, looking across a broad range of solutions from biotechnology, breeding to advanced predictive and prescriptive analytics. To make this possible, we build great, innovative software that accelerates the complete Monsanto portfolio, from the lab to the field to the customer. Example solutions include real-time streaming data from connected devices, mobile data collection and visualization suites, big data genomics repositories, and geospatial computing systems, just to name a few. To build great software, we need great people. As an entry Software Developer, you will join a comprehensive on-boarding and mentorship program to help build technical and professional skills. The program is an exciting opportunity that will help accelerate your career at Monsanto by providing specialized training, mentoring, coaching and feedback. You will be exposed to agile software development, working with other entry software developers to solve complex problems using the latest tools and technologies. You will work directly with your mentor on a daily basis and have access to our community of expert software developers with a broad range of skills and experience. At Monsanto, we expect our Software Developers to: Demonstrate passion and ownership by embracing all aspects of software development: analysis, development, testing and deployment. Be curious and proactive. Learn something new every day. Be ego-less! Ask for help, be willing to admit what you dont know and willing to receive and give constructive feedback. Collaborate closely with team members and business community. Think through hard problems and work with a team to solve them. Take pride in software craftsmanship, diving deep into code and constantly innovating. Why you should join us: Open workspace promotes inclusive collaboration and pairing in a fun, casual environment. Innovation days, hack-a-thons, networking events, and volunteer opportunities. Questioning how things are done is not just encouraged, it is expected. Work with other top level talent solving a wide range of complex and unique problems that have real world impact. Ongoing focus on growth through training (domain and technical) and knowledge sharing through communities of agile teams. Diverse technology stacks in a forward thinking, OSS-centric environment. We value autonomous, self-organizing teams allowing you to have a real say in what you work on, who you work with, and how you work. Our environment values your talent over a role or title. Strength of ideas trumps position on an org chart.
DescriptionvAuto, a Cox Automotive Brand, is always on the lookout for an experienced Software Development Engineer in Test to join our team in Austin, TX. Job Summary: The Software Developer in Test is responsible for enhancing automated test coverage for web applications. In this role, you will help design and implement test automation for iOS and Android platforms. As the Software Developer in Test, you will play an important role of training Engineers on test automation execution and troubleshooting. Technology we use:C#, Telerik, Selenium, ASP.NET, MVC, Angular, Bootstrap, Sencha, jQuery, Ext.js, other JS libraries/frameworks, Oracle, ElasticQualificationsRequired:Minimum 2 years of experience in object oriented programming: Java, C++, Objective-C, C#, or similarMinimum 2 years of experience designing and maintaining test automation framework for large scale applicationsMinimum 1 year of experience designing and maintaining API or Web services (Rest or Soap) test automation suite/frameworkMinimum 1 year of Web application test experienceProficient with using SQLProficient with using xPath and CSS SelectorUnderstanding of JavaScript, HTML and Web technologiesFamiliarity with testing types: black box, white box, functional, smoke, regression, etc.What we look for:Experience with C#, ASP.NET, PL-SQL, Visual Studio, GIT a plusExperience with Selenium WebDriver, Appium, Node.js, NoSQL Databases, Groovy, Swagger a plusAbility to work on multiple projects and be flexible to adapt to changing requirementsHigh energy, confident, ambitious and self-motivated individualMust be an effective communicatorBS in Computer Science or related degree, or equivalent work experienceAbout vAuto, a Cox Automotive Brand: vAuto, Inc. is an industry leading innovator and provider of automotive software solutions. Since the company was founded in 2005, vAuto has launched several first-in industry innovations, including its current suite of solutions that deliver a better way to price, appraise and stock pre-owned vehicles. We are a fast-moving technology company specializing in web & mobile application solutions for the Automotive Industry. vAuto Office Top Workplaces in Austin http://bit.ly/1pc5w2U  Location and 360 walkthrough http://bit.ly/1UctesS About Cox Automotive Cox Automotive is transforming the way the world buys, sells and owns cars with industry-leading digital marketing, retail, financial and wholesale solutions for consumers, dealers, manufacturers and the overall automotive ecosystem worldwide. The Cox Automotive family includes Autotrader®, Dealer.com®, Dealertrack®, Kelley Blue Book®, Manheim®, NextGear Capital®, vAuto®, VinSolutions®, Xtime®, incadea® and a host of other brands. With a complete and connected view of the automotive ecosystem, Cox Automotive is a global company connecting people, cars and capabilities with services that link the automotive value chain. Cox Automotive is a subsidiary of Cox Enterprises. For more information about Cox Automotive, visit www.coxautoinc.com.Organization: Cox Automotive Primary Location: US-TX-Austin-10415 Morado Circle Employee Status: Regular Job Level: Individual Contributor Shift: Day Job Travel: Yes, 5 % of the Time Schedule: Full-time Unposting Date: Ongoing
Job description: First Orion is an industry-leading call protection and data provider, developing software and services to enable our customers to take complete control over their telecommunications, powered by world-class data and technology solutions. Our applications and in-network services provide call and text blocking, spam and robocall blocking, caller identification, directory assistance and complaint filing with regulatory agencies in US and abroad. With our help, customers have blocked over 200 million numbers and continue to file over 300,000 complaints monthly against offending callers directly to federal agencies. First Orion provides solutions to some of the largest mobile service process in the world and features leading brands in the communication industry including PrivacyStar and Accudata with offices in Washington, Arkansas, Texas and London, England.  First Orion is seeking a talented Software Developer to join our collaborative and winning First Orion Data Products team. This team provides businesses with identity verification solutions that help companies recognize legitimate customers, detect fraudulent transactions, and improve business performance. At the core of our services is our large-scale data assets that businesses use to mitigate risk and improve customer experience. The Software Developer will need to be experienced in design, implementation and testing of front-end and back-end software applications. Core responsibilities:Design and develop web service applications, enabling secure, high performance, fault tolerant data exchangeDesign, implement, and test software features First Orion data productsContribute to advancing reliability and performance of the service architecture; introduce new performance counters and instrumentation pointsParticipate in the provisioning, deployment and troubleshooting of First Orion data products and servicesRequired skills:Strong verbal and written communication skillsWindows server application developmentLinux server application developmentC#JavaKnowledge of MS SQL Server 2012 programming, including stored procedures, functions, user-defined types and triggersIISASP.netNice to have skills:Prior experience in telephony and communication industryDevelopment experience with high-performance low-latency fault-tolerant systemsKnowledge of AWS-based solution creation and related experienceKnowledge of best practices for efficient performance of SQL server codeExperience working with MySQL databasesAJAXCompany benefits: At First Orion we offer a competitive salary, full benefit package including matching 401(k) and an open paid time off policy. Our work environment is energetic, focused, fun, and collaborative. Weve created a special culture where trust and transparency are key and employees are empowered to make their own decisions. Our people are passionate about what we do and have an indomitable spirit to get things done. Everyone is a part of the big picture here.  First Orion Voted Great Place to Work US with Top Rankings in every category! Check out the full spread here: http://ow.ly/a731303vHps  First Orion is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. Apply today! Experience Mid-level
Overview: We are seeking a Full Stack Developer to help develop and maintain our current business applications and web services. You will use your web development skills to develop applications and services to support many internal applications. This position will enrich your web development skills and give you the opportunity to work with the latest technologies. Why TQL? Total Quality Logistics (TQL) is a multi-billion dollar leader in the logistics industry. Our state-of-the-art technology is the competitive edge that has propelled us from a Cincinnati startup to one of the largest freight brokerage firms in North America. We were the first-to-market for mobile technology and continually develop and enhance in-house propriety solutions based on the latest Microsoft technologies. As a member of the IT team, you will help define where logistics technology is going in an industry that's ripe for automation while developing professionally along a robust career path. Your job:Develop new solutions with C#, ASP.NET, ASP MVC, HTML, CSS, JavaScript (with AngularJS or React frameworks) and Microsoft SQL Server.Build RESTful web services to support our ever-growing service layer and to support new and refactored web sites.Support and maintains existing web applications, troubleshooting issues as they arise and recommending improvements.Test and documents new applications and changes.Work with project owners and analysts during system design to determine needs and to plan solutions.Communicate with team members, project owners, and other IT teams regarding project progress and issue resolutions.Ability to provide basic server support as it relates to web development (IIS, DNS, permissions) and work with our networking team for more advanced server configuration/support.You need the following:2+ years of web development experienceExperience designing and developing commercial web applications.Knowledge of and experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS or React JavaScript frameworks, ASP.NET MVC, T-SQL, WCF and Web API.Experience with Microsoft tools & technologies, including Visual Studio, IIS and MSSQL Microsoft SQL Server.Good knowledge of standards-based design, cross-browser design, usability and accessibility considerations, and web multimedia production.Ready and able to research, recommend, and apply new solutions as they emerge.Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.Can effectively handle multiple projects in a fast-paced, changing environment.Self-starter with a strong work ethic, attention to detail, and superior problem-solving skills.MCSD or other relevant technical certifications is preferred.Total Quality Logistics is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status.If you are unable to apply online due to a disability, contact recruiting at recruiting@tql.com.
Are you passionate about shipping great software and want to impact millions of users? Come be part of an enthusiastic, dynamic, highly talented Quality Engineering team working on the next revolution in human-computer interaction. The Siri team is looking for an experienced Quality Engineer who is technically savvy, proactive, detail oriented, and can deliver great results under demanding timelines. You will be interacting with various cross functional engineering and project management teams to drive the quality of the Siri user experience by improving and optimizing client and server releases.Key Qualifications: •Must have knowledge of software development releases with year-long development cycles involving cross functional engineering teams •Drive and define QE quality measurements with targeted goals and metrics •Must be able to provide regular updates to organization groups as well as director-level management •Drive bug prioritization and escalation •Verify reproducibility, perform regression testing, and passion for quality processes •Excellent verbal and communication skills, problem solving and organizational skills •Familiar with iOS, macOS, tvOS, watchOS platforms, debugging tools and terminal •Experience with Python, JavaScript, or other programming language a plusDescription: The ideal candidate must be innovative, organized, and self-starter with excellent communication skills, keen attention to details and able to thrive in a fast-paced environment with rapidly changing priorities The candidate will work with peers inside and outside of the Siri team to ensure high quality releases around Siri.Education: Education: B.S or M.S in Computer Science, or equivalent experience Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

Software EngineerBrief Description:This position is for a highly-skilled Software Engineer to support the development, deployment, and maintenance of web applications and data workflow. Additionally, the candidate is expected to work with accessing web service application programming interfaces (APIs) and performing basic data ETL (extract/transform/load) functions.Major ResponsibilitiesExperience using various programming languages including java, python, and ruby.Proven experience with NSQL databases such as MongoDBUnderstanding of the micro-service architecture including basic application structure and how to make changes to it.Demonstrated on-the-job experience with Amazon EC2 to include creating/starting/stopping Linux instances, moving files into the cloud via S3.Desired Skills:A bachelor's degree or equivalent training.Designs, codes, tests, debugs, documents, maintain, and modifies computer programs of high complexity, significance, and risk.Must have at seven years of specialized experience in software engineering.Experience working within a micro-service architecture and refactoring to micro-services from a monolithic architectureExperience with commercial and/or open source visualization toolsExperience using AngularJS, Angular material, Java, PythonKnowledge of AWS and big data toolsPreferably has an active/current TS/SCI and CI Poly.
Diversity Statement Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information  U.S. Citizenship Required. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in related discipline plus 5 to 7 years of supervisory/management experience. We are searching for a candidate who has managed a software team that has taken a large prototype effort to release.  In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for more than 10 years applicable work experience. Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience for positions involving new technology.  Strong verbal and written communications skills.  Knowledge of the principles, practices, and procedures used in software and systems development.  Knowledge of software development tools and programming languages.  A secret security clearance is required. Responsibilities/QualificationPosition Summary We are searching for a candidate who has managed a software team that has taken a large prototype effort to release. This is a major software platform in C and Java that will migrate to formal release. Attention to detail and Documentation is required. Candidate Plans and leads the development and integration of systems and applications software. Manages life cycle systems and software engineering activities including design, systems engineering, development, integration, testing, training, security, and deployment. Candidate will interface with Alion management, customer team, and direct reports.  Duties and Responsibilities  Develops, coordinates, and directs a number of projects of considerable scope and complexity to ensure that requirements are fully met.  Participates in the establishment of software development lifecycle management methodologies and ensuring their application and utilization.  Participates in all project management processes, to include resource planning and integration with the broader program team.  Tracks, monitors, and reports on program status, progress, and performance against budgets.  May enforce adherence to CMMI processes.  Presents technical briefings, documentation, reports, technical papers, memoranda, and other papers to senior management, peer groups, project teams, and sponsors.  Participates in or conducts project reviews and negotiations with project sponsor.  Monitors budgets for variances between actual expenses and planned expenses.  Coordinates activities with other sections and departments to optimize the use of staff and facilities.  Maintains a positive working relationship and liaison with customers, clients, and outside monitoring or inspecting authorities.  Supports business development activities as required.  Responsible for the hiring, training, and development of staff.  Performs additional duties and responsibilities as assigned.
 Skyword has a great opportunity for a highly skilled Java Integrations Developer to join our high profile Web startup located in downtown Pittsburgh. If you are a seasoned Java developer with a track record of working on complex Web applications, and are ready for a challenging & rewarding startup environment, then we want to talk to you! Responsibilities:Work as a developer on complex Internet applications in JavaAssist in continual improvement of Skywords application architectureIntegrate in-house software packages with documented business-to-business APIsWork in a team environment, collaborating with other engineers and members of other departmentsWork with external vendors and customers technical teams on inter-system integrationsWork on jobs of diverse scope and complexity requiring independent action and decision-makingExercise judgment, applying creativity and ingenuity in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutionsRequired Experience:Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or equivalent experienceAt least two years of professional development experience working on Internet applications within a team environmentProven ability to write code to communicate with diverse external APIsRequired Skills:Experience in designing and implementing architectures for large-scale web application systemsExtensive experience in Java 8 and related technologies for Web development (REST APIs, Spring)Strong knowledge and experience with relational database technologies and SQL schema design preferably with experience in an ORM persistence tool such as HibernateExperience with Internet related technologies including HTTP, JSON, and general Internet protocolsAbility to develop Java based software to interact with external APIs, whether web service or library-based, including, but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, Google, LinkedIn, etc.Experience with CMS software (Wordpress, Drupal, AEM) a strong plusAbility to work with customer and vendor technical teams to assist in integrationsFull life cycle development experience with latest versions of Java, MySQL or Oracle, JDBC, and LinuxGood organizational and documentation skillsMust be self-directed, confident, able to use best-practice development processes effectivelyAble to work in a team setting using Agile practicesCompensation and Benefits: Competitive salary; medical, dental, life, and disability insurance plans, three weeks paid vacation; 11 paid holidays and an open, friendly work environment  About Skyword:  Skyword moves brands and their content forward. By embracing a sustainable, scalable approach to original storytelling, Skyword liberates brands from ineffective marketing practices and inspires them to create deeper connections with their customers. With a powerful combination of enterprise-class technology, authentic voices, and professional services, Skyword propels clients content marketing programs to new levels of excellence. Skyword is a privately held company headquartered in Boston, MA, with an office in Pittsburgh, PA.  Skyword is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.
The Core OS organization is seeking an exceptional engineer to work on state-of-the art technology for macOS, iOS, tvOS and watchOS. You should have a strong understanding of operating system fundamentals and experience working throughout the stack. As a member of the team, you would participate in all stages of software development, from new feature design and implementation, to maintenance and bug fixing of released code. You will develop and improve unit tests and performance tests, and may also work on diagnosing and resolving customer reported issues.Key Qualifications: •Expert level C, experience with Objective-C •Experience with daemon and library development •Creative, critical thinking and troubleshooting skills •Exceptional professionalism, with the ability to deliver solid work on tight schedules •Excellent collaborative skills •Outstanding written and verbal communication •A genuine passion for consumer devicesDescription: You will primarily be responsible for daemons and frameworks that support functionality throughout the system. Previous experience with writing or maintaining daemons, libraries and command line tools on a UNIX platform is key. You should have excellent analytical skills and debugging experience. In addition to developing and maintaining individual projects, you will also be expected to provide design guidance and technical support and expertise to teams across the company.Education: B.S. in Computer Science, or equivalent experienceAdditional Requirements: Additional Success Factors: Development experience on macOS and/or iOS Experience with common embedded hardware architectures (ARM, PPC, MIPS) Experience with network communications programming Familiar with cryptographic concepts and techniques Familiar with open source technologies and development communities Familiar with Xcode Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
 OverviewThe Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) is responsible for testing, integration, and validation of new products. The SDET Role specifically implies the use of both automated and manual testing techniques to determine quality. An SDET is responsible for designing and implementing tests, debugging and defining corrective actions before product launches to ensure software runs smoothly and meets client needs, while being cost-effective.Responsibilities Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback.Liaise with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements.Test application (GUI) software in conjunction with networked audio/media systems running embedded software.Test interaction scenarios with finished hardware devices.Develop and document strategies for efficient testing and debugging of our products.Develop software that automatically tests other software using Selenium, C#, or python.Create and execute detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases.Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meeting client needs.Maintain internal QA-specific information systems to track quality assurance metrics (bug tracking, test servers).Verify defect fixes, including regression testing of appropriate related areas.Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies.Other duties as assigned by Supervisor. QualificationsThe successful candidate will possess the following combination of experience, knowledge and skills: C#, Java, or Python programmming skills.Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related subject or equivalent education and experience.Must possess a minimum of 4 years work experience as a SQA Engineer.Prior AV experience is highly desired as well as digital video.Methodical approach to problem solving with careful attention to detail.Ability to juggle multiple responsibilities concurrently while continuing to meet deadlines.Proficient in Microsoft Office applications (Outlook, Word, Excel, and SharePoint).Possesses excellent verbal and written skills in English.Demonstrates excellent organizational and interpersonal skills and is able to work effectively with people of diverse backgrounds and diffuse challenging situations using acceptable and appropriate methods.Ability to work independently and in a team environment.Work Environment:Ability to lift 10 lbs. frequently and up to 50 lbs. periodically.Stand or sit for long periods.This positions is not elgibile for visa sponsorship.Compensation and Benefits: Competitive pay plus fantastic benefits. We offer medical, dental, vision, and prescription coverage plus 401(k) plan.  We value diversity of thought and background and provide equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, veteran status or disability.
ABOUT THE TEAM: Our Engineering team design and develop customer centric applications where delivery cycles are measured in months rather than years. Our teams work closely with product managers and customers to extend core functionality as well as design and implement new products and features that make a difference every day for our users. We are a proactive, positive, tight-knit team with a great sense of humor and passion for our work. ABOUT THE ROLE: Youll provide strategic customer facing highly available web front and back end solutions in addition to some internal web applications, and integrations. You should have a nice balance of front and back end web development experience. This will include experience building front end JavaScript based application in frameworks such as React as well as building RESTful services utilizing relational and no-sql databases. In addition, you should enjoy working with internal customers to understand their needs and then with your team to build solutions solving those needs. ABOUT YOU:2+ years web development experience in ASP.NET and JavaScript technologiesExperience in Node.js and React is a plusExperience using OO methodologies in designing software solutions;Experience with building and deploying front end web solutionsUse of APIs and understanding of HTTP and REST architectureKnowledge of AWSKnowledge of SQL Server and RDS/DynamoDBStrong understanding of design patternsComfort with working in an Agile/SCRUM environmentProven ability to work in a rapid release production environmentBachelors degree- Computer Science or equivalent fieldIf you think you are a good match for the Bluebeam team, please send the following:ResumeSome sort of personalized introduction for us. This could be a cover letter, a few bullet points about yourself, a comic strip youve drawn - anything that tells us a bit about you AND why you want to work here. Learn more about Bluebeam here: http://careers.bluebeam.com/. #LI-CT1Bluebeam is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or veteran status.
 Overview  Use your C++ expertise to develop commercial software used to understand data when proximity and location matter. Your work will help professionals from a wide range of industries carry out critical data analysis and map production tasks including, for example, the design and maintenance of critical infrastructure at city, state, and national levels.  You will be part of a team that influences lasting contributions for communities with the C++ software code you create. Responsibilities:Develop excellent software that extends the capabilities of the ArcGIS platformBuild software components using a variety of programming languages (C++, WFP/C#, Java, Scala, JavaScript, etc.) that follow industry-standard design patterns, development methodologies, and deployment modelsSolve and articulate complex problems with application design, development, and user experiencesEnable software users to be successfulYou will develop software used by people who are not software developers. Ensure that the exceptional software you create influences them to be exceptional professionals in their respective fields.Develop yourself and others through teamworkCollaborate with other developers, engineers, and product managers throughout the development processLeverage the knowledge of your peers to better understand business trends, customer communities, and go-to-market strategiesEvolve your programming language skills by staying current with complimentary development languages, database languages, development methodologies, and software design techniquesRequirementsTwo or more years of commercial software development experience with a fluency and passion for C++ (COM, ATL, STL, C++ 11, Boost, Clang)Familiarity with C#, JavaScript, Python, SQL, and XMLUnderstand the importance of software development methodologies (Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, RAD, RUP) and software design techniques (UML, entity relationship diagramming, use cases, data flow diagramming); know how they impact the quality of your design process, team collaboration, and work productWorking knowledge of data storage strategies including SQL (e.g. Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL) and NoSQL alternatives (e.g. Elasticsearch, MongoDB, etc.)Object oriented design skillsThe ability to work closely with the team to build quality software in a constantly evolving environment with the capability to communicate verbally and in writingUS citizenship and ability and willingness to obtain a security clearanceBachelor’s in computer science, computer engineering, or mathematicsRecommended Qualifications:Experience with one or more of the following technologies:C++/CX, C#, JavaScript, PythonRDBMS (SQL Server, Oracle, PosgreSQL, etc.)NoSQL (Elasticsearch, MongoDB, etc.)QtOpenGL or DirectXGISWeb servicesMaster’s in computer science, computer engineering, mathematics, GIS, or related field The Company  Our passion for improving quality of life through geography is at the heart of everything we do. Esri’s geographic information system (GIS) technology inspires and enables governments, universities, and businesses worldwide to save money, lives, and our environment through a deeper understanding of the changing world around them.  Carefully managed growth and zero debt give Esri stability that is uncommon in today's volatile business world. Privately held, we offer exceptional benefits, competitive salaries, 401(k) and profit-sharing programs, opportunities for personal and professional growth, and much more.  Esri is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
What's next in the world of social networks? Empowr is building the world's first social economy. What's a social economy? A social economy is taking the best of what you love about your favorite social network and allowing you the opportunity to monetize your time while you're there. It could be blogging about your passion, selling goods and services or using your expertise to help someone else become successful. We are building a platform that will enable the community to help itself through crowd-sourcing the expertise in the community. We will empower the community to help each other so that everybody wins. What is empowr looking for? We are currently expanding our local San Diego engineering team. Our Software Engineers are responsible for building our product features and to increase functionality. We have a huge vision and a complex product so we need Software Engineers who can create clean and scalable code.  We use pair programming to get you up to speed on things, get you acclimated and find the right place for you. Technical expertise required:3-5 years experience developing with the Microsoft stack C#, .Net Frameworks or Java etc.1-3 years experience developing with JavaScript, Angular.1-3 years of experience developing with HTML5, CSS3.BS or advanced degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline.Mobile experience/AWS/SQL server a plus.Agile Methodology experience a plus. We are a full Microsoft stack, on AWS shop. We utilize services such as Cloudsearch, Memcache, Redis, Kinesis and DynamoDB to support the stack. The ideal candidate will have:A get-it-done attitude, someone who enjoys problem solvingGreat communication skillsA true passion for codingA background in computer science or computer engineeringWhy should I join empowr? There are several reasons you may want to join our team... Maybe you want to be a part of a team that's going to create a game changing social economy? Maybe you want to help build a social economy with the potential to touch and help billions of users across the globe? Maybe you want to help shape the product and company as we scale and grow? Maybe you want to work with a world-class leadership team, specialists across technology, design, program, and strategy who have unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the social networking domain? If those reasons don't make you want to join the team then this probably isn't the place for you but if those excite you and want even more incentive to join, here are a few...  Our kitchen is always full of complimentary snacks including fresh fruit and vegetables, granola/protein bars, mixed nuts, chips, cookies etc. The fridge is stocked with a variety of sodas, energy drinks, flavored waters, almond milk and more.  We provide complimentarylunch every day to all our employees. Breakfast burritos, donuts and bagels are provided on special occasions as well.  All our employees receive 5 weeks paid vacation. Monthly team activities such as sailing, bowling, a trip to Big BearMountain and our annual team trip to Catalina Island for the empowr Olympic games.  We have a dog friendly office! Equity! We have no venture capitalists calling the shots, all the equity goes to our employees. What about work sponsorship? We are currently unable to help with work sponsorship, such as H1B visas, H1B transfers, etc. Where are you located? Our headquarters are in downtown San Diego. 610 West Ash St., San Diego, CA 92101  For immediate consideration please send a copy of your updated resume and/or cover letter to our Lead Recruiter, Jasmine Carrillo, at jcarrillo@empowr.com  Web Developer, C#, .NET, Software Engineer, MySQL, SQL, Java, OOP Job Posted by ApplicantPro
WearenowlookingforDeepLearningSoftwareEngineers: NVIDIA is hiring engineers to scale up its AI infrastructure. You will need to have strong programming skills, a deep understanding of deep learning (algorithms & frameworks), modular design, HPC or distributed computing, networking, i/o management, hierarchical cache design, distributed datasets, distributed computing and specifically distributed deep learning; as well as excellent communication and planning skills. You and other engineers in this team will help advance NVIDIA's capacity to build and deploy leading solutions for a broad range of AI-based applications such as autonomous vehicles, healthcare, virtual reality, graphics engines and visual computing. Whatyouwillbedoing: Collaborate with multiple AI product teams to understand their workflow requirements (cars, healthcare, etc.), and the various tradeoffs between flexibility/model exploration and performance Collaborate with AI applied researchers and leaders to build future-proof frameworks and abstractions Build tools that will increase the productivity of teams developing AI-based systems (training of deep learning / reinforcement learning systems) Work on the bridging the gap between the latest in deep learning research and its application in real world productsWhatweneedtosee: BS, MS or PhD in Computer Architecture, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field 3+ years of experience in developing, crafting or using deep learning frameworks (e.g. Torch, Theano, TensorFlow, etc.) Solid technical foundation in computer memory model (disk, memory, caches), CPU and GPU architectures, networking, numeric libraries, modular software design Deep understanding of deep learning training in distributed contexts: multi-GPU, multi-node, synchronous vs asynchronous Python and/or C/C++ programming Experience in software shipping cycles (dev, deploy, release, CI) and open-source software dev Highly motivated with excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to work successfully with multi-functional teams, principles and architects. Coordinates effectively across organizational boundaries and geographies #deeplearning  We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer
 Software Developer Intern We are looking for Software Developer Interns enrolled in a Masters Degree Program with a start-up attitude to help build our product vision. This exciting role will require someone who cleverly possesses the following skills:Experience of building web applications using LAMP architecture. This will require excellent knowledge of PHP5 OOP and MySQL5 and its surrounding technologiesBroad interest and experience in other programming languages including PythonCode in HTML5 and CSS3 to W3C standards, WAG accessibility, cross-platform compatibility and semantic coding would be highly regardedExperience with Javascript and JqueryAPI experience, including integration and API design would be very impressive (we are a bit fanatical about APIs)Experience developing scalable web applications for high-volume sites is also highly desirablePassion for Open Source technologies, active participation in the Open Source Community is very telling (in a positive way). Apply Now 
 At Sonos, we are passionate about creating and delivering the finest HiFi audio experiences to our customers. Our products stream all the music on earth, in every room, wirelessly, and you control it all from the palm of your hand. Its easy to use, but keeping things simple and bug free is hard work.  We work closely with user experience experts to develop UX-centric applications that connect people to music. Software Engineers working on mobile applications collaborate with some of the brightest minds across multiple disciplines in software, hardware, and design. Our team learns from our users as we constantly improve their experience - making it easier to find and listen to their music out loud in their home.  As a Software Engineer in the Interaction Experience group you will be responsible for improving the Sonos mobile applications to seamlessly connect with our listeners. Your team is strengthening and expanding the connection between customers and the Sonos system, allowing for new innovative ways to use Sonos. If you love music, solving challenging software problems, and doing things the right way every time, wed like to talk to you.* Deliver professional customer-facing software, on schedule and with a high degree of quality. Be integral in designing the future of the Sonos app experience.Collaborate with other Software Engineers, User Experience Designers, Product Managers, DevOps Engineers, and Test Engineers to coordinate larger features.Ask questions, think on your feet, and absorb lots of information.Deliver simple, elegant solutions to complex problems.* A demonstrably high level of expertise in software development using Java or Objective-C.Experience or exposure to C++.Experience developing on the Android and/or iOS platforms, with a demonstrated drive for shipping first class solutions and apps.Exposure to or experience with network-connected apps.Experience breaking down larger features into parts, and working with teammates to get the feature done.Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
 General Description  Répertoire International de Littérature Musicale (RILM) publishes RILM Abstracts of Music Literatureand RILM Retrospective Abstracts of Music Literature, widely recognized as the world’s most comprehensive abstracted bibliography on music and related disciplines for over 45 years, now with some 830,000 records. The database is fully searchable with in-depth vocabulary-controlled indexing and abstracts, and with titles given in both the original language and English translations.  RILM is currently aggressively expanding its product offerings, creating several digital publishing initiatives. These initiatives focus on extracting full-text data from publications such as journals and encyclopedias, targeting topics within RILM’s domain expertise. Key to these initiatives is integrating RILM’s existing unique bibliographic and related assets into the indexing and searching process. Other Duties Responsibilities:Software architecture and designUnderstand project requirements, and translate those requirements into architecture design and implementationParticipate in all aspects of development team tasks, testing,and support as appropriateWork closely with project team in an agile environmentParticipate in preparation of both technical and end-user documentationParticipate organization-wide in all RILM development projectsAssistthe product and technology team with input across all projectsProvide communication and recommendations to management and peerson best practices, consistency, and documentationProvide hands-on end user support where necessary Qualifications Qualifications:BS in Computer Science or related field, or related work experience3+ years of experience in software development with experience in: oNoSQL datastoreslike MarkLogic  oProgramming languages like XQuery and JavaScript  oXML (XSL, XPath, and XSLT)  oBuilding front-end web interfaces  oRESTful web services (using both XML and JSON)  oWorking knowledge of version control systemssuch as Git  oExcellentcommunication skills, written and verbal The following qualifications are a plus oExperience with Node.jsor comparable web servers  oExperience with AWS or similar hostingplatforms  oExperience with client-side MVCs such as Angular(preferred), Backbone, or React  oExperience with MS SQL  The successful candidate will have some experience in RILM’s domain area (libraries, academic publishing), or is willing to accept a steep learning curve. The successful candidate will also be willing and able to work in multiple development environments and frameworks, as well as to learn and provide leadership in new environments.
DescriptionvAuto, a Cox Automotive Brand, is always on the lookout for an experienced Software Development Engineer in Test to join our team in Austin, TX. Job Summary: The Software Developer in Test is responsible for enhancing automated test coverage for web applications. In this role, you will help design and implement test automation for iOS and Android platforms. As the Software Developer in Test, you will play an important role of training Engineers on test automation execution and troubleshooting. Technology we use:C#, Telerik, Selenium, ASP.NET, MVC, Angular, Bootstrap, Sencha, jQuery, Ext.js, other JS libraries/frameworks, Oracle, ElasticQualificationsRequired:Minimum 2 years of experience in object oriented programming: Java, C++, Objective-C, C#, or similarMinimum 2 years of experience designing and maintaining test automation framework for large scale applicationsMinimum 1 year of experience designing and maintaining API or Web services (Rest or Soap) test automation suite/frameworkMinimum 1 year of Web application test experienceProficient with using SQLProficient with using xPath and CSS SelectorUnderstanding of JavaScript, HTML and Web technologiesFamiliarity with testing types: black box, white box, functional, smoke, regression, etc.What we look for:Experience with C#, ASP.NET, PL-SQL, Visual Studio, GIT a plusExperience with Selenium WebDriver, Appium, Node.js, NoSQL Databases, Groovy, Swagger a plusAbility to work on multiple projects and be flexible to adapt to changing requirementsHigh energy, confident, ambitious and self-motivated individualMust be an effective communicatorBS in Computer Science or related degree, or equivalent work experienceAbout vAuto, a Cox Automotive Brand: vAuto, Inc. is an industry leading innovator and provider of automotive software solutions. Since the company was founded in 2005, vAuto has launched several first-in industry innovations, including its current suite of solutions that deliver a better way to price, appraise and stock pre-owned vehicles. We are a fast-moving technology company specializing in web & mobile application solutions for the Automotive Industry. vAuto Office Top Workplaces in Austin http://bit.ly/1pc5w2U  Location and 360 walkthrough http://bit.ly/1UctesS About Cox Automotive Cox Automotive is transforming the way the world buys, sells and owns cars with industry-leading digital marketing, retail, financial and wholesale solutions for consumers, dealers, manufacturers and the overall automotive ecosystem worldwide. The Cox Automotive family includes Autotrader®, Dealer.com®, Dealertrack®, Kelley Blue Book®, Manheim®, NextGear Capital®, vAuto®, VinSolutions®, Xtime®, incadea® and a host of other brands. With a complete and connected view of the automotive ecosystem, Cox Automotive is a global company connecting people, cars and capabilities with services that link the automotive value chain. Cox Automotive is a subsidiary of Cox Enterprises. For more information about Cox Automotive, visit www.coxautoinc.com.Organization: Cox Automotive Primary Location: US-TX-Austin-10415 Morado Circle Employee Status: Regular Job Level: Individual Contributor Shift: Day Job Travel: Yes, 5 % of the Time Schedule: Full-time Unposting Date: Ongoing
Overview: We are seeking a Full Stack Developer to help develop and maintain our current business applications and web services. You will use your web development skills to develop applications and services to support many internal applications. This position will enrich your web development skills and give you the opportunity to work with the latest technologies. Why TQL? Total Quality Logistics (TQL) is a multi-billion dollar leader in the logistics industry. Our state-of-the-art technology is the competitive edge that has propelled us from a Cincinnati startup to one of the largest freight brokerage firms in North America. We were the first-to-market for mobile technology and continually develop and enhance in-house propriety solutions based on the latest Microsoft technologies. As a member of the IT team, you will help define where logistics technology is going in an industry that's ripe for automation while developing professionally along a robust career path. Your job:Develop new solutions with C#, ASP.NET, ASP MVC, HTML, CSS, JavaScript (with AngularJS or React frameworks) and Microsoft SQL Server.Build RESTful web services to support our ever-growing service layer and to support new and refactored web sites.Support and maintains existing web applications, troubleshooting issues as they arise and recommending improvements.Test and documents new applications and changes.Work with project owners and analysts during system design to determine needs and to plan solutions.Communicate with team members, project owners, and other IT teams regarding project progress and issue resolutions.Ability to provide basic server support as it relates to web development (IIS, DNS, permissions) and work with our networking team for more advanced server configuration/support.You need the following:2+ years of web development experienceExperience designing and developing commercial web applications.Knowledge of and experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS or React JavaScript frameworks, ASP.NET MVC, T-SQL, WCF and Web API.Experience with Microsoft tools & technologies, including Visual Studio, IIS and MSSQL Microsoft SQL Server.Good knowledge of standards-based design, cross-browser design, usability and accessibility considerations, and web multimedia production.Ready and able to research, recommend, and apply new solutions as they emerge.Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.Can effectively handle multiple projects in a fast-paced, changing environment.Self-starter with a strong work ethic, attention to detail, and superior problem-solving skills.MCSD or other relevant technical certifications is preferred.Total Quality Logistics is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status.If you are unable to apply online due to a disability, contact recruiting at recruiting@tql.com.

Diversity Statement Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information  U.S. Citizenship Required. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in related discipline plus 5 to 7 years of supervisory/management experience. We are searching for a candidate who has managed a software team that has taken a large prototype effort to release.  In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for more than 10 years applicable work experience. Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience for positions involving new technology.  Strong verbal and written communications skills.  Knowledge of the principles, practices, and procedures used in software and systems development.  Knowledge of software development tools and programming languages.  A secret security clearance is required. Responsibilities/QualificationPosition Summary We are searching for a candidate who has managed a software team that has taken a large prototype effort to release. This is a major software platform in C and Java that will migrate to formal release. Attention to detail and Documentation is required. Candidate Plans and leads the development and integration of systems and applications software. Manages life cycle systems and software engineering activities including design, systems engineering, development, integration, testing, training, security, and deployment. Candidate will interface with Alion management, customer team, and direct reports.  Duties and Responsibilities  Develops, coordinates, and directs a number of projects of considerable scope and complexity to ensure that requirements are fully met.  Participates in the establishment of software development lifecycle management methodologies and ensuring their application and utilization.  Participates in all project management processes, to include resource planning and integration with the broader program team.  Tracks, monitors, and reports on program status, progress, and performance against budgets.  May enforce adherence to CMMI processes.  Presents technical briefings, documentation, reports, technical papers, memoranda, and other papers to senior management, peer groups, project teams, and sponsors.  Participates in or conducts project reviews and negotiations with project sponsor.  Monitors budgets for variances between actual expenses and planned expenses.  Coordinates activities with other sections and departments to optimize the use of staff and facilities.  Maintains a positive working relationship and liaison with customers, clients, and outside monitoring or inspecting authorities.  Supports business development activities as required.  Responsible for the hiring, training, and development of staff.  Performs additional duties and responsibilities as assigned.
The Core OS organization is seeking an exceptional engineer to work on state-of-the art technology for macOS, iOS, tvOS and watchOS. You should have a strong understanding of operating system fundamentals and experience working throughout the stack. As a member of the team, you would participate in all stages of software development, from new feature design and implementation, to maintenance and bug fixing of released code. You will develop and improve unit tests and performance tests, and may also work on diagnosing and resolving customer reported issues.Key Qualifications: •Expert level C, experience with Objective-C •Experience with daemon and library development •Creative, critical thinking and troubleshooting skills •Exceptional professionalism, with the ability to deliver solid work on tight schedules •Excellent collaborative skills •Outstanding written and verbal communication •A genuine passion for consumer devicesDescription: You will primarily be responsible for daemons and frameworks that support functionality throughout the system. Previous experience with writing or maintaining daemons, libraries and command line tools on a UNIX platform is key. You should have excellent analytical skills and debugging experience. In addition to developing and maintaining individual projects, you will also be expected to provide design guidance and technical support and expertise to teams across the company.Education: B.S. in Computer Science, or equivalent experienceAdditional Requirements: Additional Success Factors: Development experience on macOS and/or iOS Experience with common embedded hardware architectures (ARM, PPC, MIPS) Experience with network communications programming Familiar with cryptographic concepts and techniques Familiar with open source technologies and development communities Familiar with Xcode Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Software EngineerBrief Description:This position is for a highly-skilled Software Engineer to support the development, deployment, and maintenance of web applications and data workflow. Additionally, the candidate is expected to work with accessing web service application programming interfaces (APIs) and performing basic data ETL (extract/transform/load) functions.Major ResponsibilitiesExperience using various programming languages including java, python, and ruby.Proven experience with NSQL databases such as MongoDBUnderstanding of the micro-service architecture including basic application structure and how to make changes to it.Demonstrated on-the-job experience with Amazon EC2 to include creating/starting/stopping Linux instances, moving files into the cloud via S3.Desired Skills:A bachelor's degree or equivalent training.Designs, codes, tests, debugs, documents, maintain, and modifies computer programs of high complexity, significance, and risk.Must have at seven years of specialized experience in software engineering.Experience working within a micro-service architecture and refactoring to micro-services from a monolithic architectureExperience with commercial and/or open source visualization toolsExperience using AngularJS, Angular material, Java, PythonKnowledge of AWS and big data toolsPreferably has an active/current TS/SCI and CI Poly.
 Skyword has a great opportunity for a highly skilled Java Integrations Developer to join our high profile Web startup located in downtown Pittsburgh. If you are a seasoned Java developer with a track record of working on complex Web applications, and are ready for a challenging & rewarding startup environment, then we want to talk to you! Responsibilities:Work as a developer on complex Internet applications in JavaAssist in continual improvement of Skywords application architectureIntegrate in-house software packages with documented business-to-business APIsWork in a team environment, collaborating with other engineers and members of other departmentsWork with external vendors and customers technical teams on inter-system integrationsWork on jobs of diverse scope and complexity requiring independent action and decision-makingExercise judgment, applying creativity and ingenuity in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutionsRequired Experience:Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or equivalent experienceAt least two years of professional development experience working on Internet applications within a team environmentProven ability to write code to communicate with diverse external APIsRequired Skills:Experience in designing and implementing architectures for large-scale web application systemsExtensive experience in Java 8 and related technologies for Web development (REST APIs, Spring)Strong knowledge and experience with relational database technologies and SQL schema design preferably with experience in an ORM persistence tool such as HibernateExperience with Internet related technologies including HTTP, JSON, and general Internet protocolsAbility to develop Java based software to interact with external APIs, whether web service or library-based, including, but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, Google, LinkedIn, etc.Experience with CMS software (Wordpress, Drupal, AEM) a strong plusAbility to work with customer and vendor technical teams to assist in integrationsFull life cycle development experience with latest versions of Java, MySQL or Oracle, JDBC, and LinuxGood organizational and documentation skillsMust be self-directed, confident, able to use best-practice development processes effectivelyAble to work in a team setting using Agile practicesCompensation and Benefits: Competitive salary; medical, dental, life, and disability insurance plans, three weeks paid vacation; 11 paid holidays and an open, friendly work environment  About Skyword:  Skyword moves brands and their content forward. By embracing a sustainable, scalable approach to original storytelling, Skyword liberates brands from ineffective marketing practices and inspires them to create deeper connections with their customers. With a powerful combination of enterprise-class technology, authentic voices, and professional services, Skyword propels clients content marketing programs to new levels of excellence. Skyword is a privately held company headquartered in Boston, MA, with an office in Pittsburgh, PA.  Skyword is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.

The Core OS organization is seeking an exceptional engineer to work on state-of-the art technology for macOS, iOS, tvOS and watchOS. You should have a strong understanding of operating system fundamentals and experience working throughout the stack. As a member of the team, you would participate in all stages of software development, from new feature design and implementation, to maintenance and bug fixing of released code. You will develop and improve unit tests and performance tests, and may also work on diagnosing and resolving customer reported issues.Key Qualifications: •Expert level C, experience with Objective-C •Experience with daemon and library development •Creative, critical thinking and troubleshooting skills •Exceptional professionalism, with the ability to deliver solid work on tight schedules •Excellent collaborative skills •Outstanding written and verbal communication •A genuine passion for consumer devicesDescription: You will primarily be responsible for daemons and frameworks that support functionality throughout the system. Previous experience with writing or maintaining daemons, libraries and command line tools on a UNIX platform is key. You should have excellent analytical skills and debugging experience. In addition to developing and maintaining individual projects, you will also be expected to provide design guidance and technical support and expertise to teams across the company.Education: B.S. in Computer Science, or equivalent experienceAdditional Requirements: Additional Success Factors: Development experience on macOS and/or iOS Experience with common embedded hardware architectures (ARM, PPC, MIPS) Experience with network communications programming Familiar with cryptographic concepts and techniques Familiar with open source technologies and development communities Familiar with Xcode Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Diversity Statement Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information  U.S. Citizenship Required. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in related discipline plus 5 to 7 years of supervisory/management experience. We are searching for a candidate who has managed a software team that has taken a large prototype effort to release.  In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for more than 10 years applicable work experience. Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience for positions involving new technology.  Strong verbal and written communications skills.  Knowledge of the principles, practices, and procedures used in software and systems development.  Knowledge of software development tools and programming languages.  A secret security clearance is required. Responsibilities/QualificationPosition Summary We are searching for a candidate who has managed a software team that has taken a large prototype effort to release. This is a major software platform in C and Java that will migrate to formal release. Attention to detail and Documentation is required. Candidate Plans and leads the development and integration of systems and applications software. Manages life cycle systems and software engineering activities including design, systems engineering, development, integration, testing, training, security, and deployment. Candidate will interface with Alion management, customer team, and direct reports.  Duties and Responsibilities  Develops, coordinates, and directs a number of projects of considerable scope and complexity to ensure that requirements are fully met.  Participates in the establishment of software development lifecycle management methodologies and ensuring their application and utilization.  Participates in all project management processes, to include resource planning and integration with the broader program team.  Tracks, monitors, and reports on program status, progress, and performance against budgets.  May enforce adherence to CMMI processes.  Presents technical briefings, documentation, reports, technical papers, memoranda, and other papers to senior management, peer groups, project teams, and sponsors.  Participates in or conducts project reviews and negotiations with project sponsor.  Monitors budgets for variances between actual expenses and planned expenses.  Coordinates activities with other sections and departments to optimize the use of staff and facilities.  Maintains a positive working relationship and liaison with customers, clients, and outside monitoring or inspecting authorities.  Supports business development activities as required.  Responsible for the hiring, training, and development of staff.  Performs additional duties and responsibilities as assigned.
 Successful candidate will provide support to all areas of the project life cycle including development, testing, deployment, and documentation. Required Experience:1-2 years of experience as an applications programmer.Past performance demonstrating programming abilitiesActive Secret level security clearance or the ability to obtain a security clearanceDesired Experience:Ability to work independently and under general direction.Experience with a variety of software development environments (IDEs), i.e. Visual Studio.NET (C#) programmingJAVA experience can be substituted for C# if there is a desire to learn .NETPHP experience can be substituted for ASP experienceOracle database programming experience is preferred, but MS SQL Server or other relational database programming experience is acceptableStrong oral and written communication skillsAbility to work well with a team of developersMinimum Education:A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field from an accredited college or university.
POSITION SUMMARY As a Sr. Pega developer you will be involved in design, development, and testing of Pega PRPC (Pega Rules Process Commander), Pega Survey, and related infrastructure. You will be in direct contact with project managers, system architects, on- and off-shore team members as well as other engineers. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONSAnalyze, design and support implementation of business-specific Pega solutions and/or frameworksMentor new team members. Assign appropriate tasks to junior project team members, coach project team members, and provide guidance on development best-practicesResponsible for implementing technical solutions on Pega 7.X and Pega SurveyAbility to create reusable components that can be leveraged across the enterprise for providing top-notch customer experienceAbility to translate complex business requirement into functional technical requirements using PegaSystems SmartBPM methodology and DCO toolsGood hands on implementing PEGA integration services using REST, SOAP, Email etc. Good understanding of PEGA new case management featuresPerform regular code and design reviewsAssist with planning and execution of unit, integration and user acceptance testingProvide regular updates team lead and project manager on project progress and outstanding issuesQUALIFICATIONSBachelors degree in related field or equivalent work experience8 10 years of relevant experience6 plus years IT experience with minimum 3-5 years hands on development experience with Pega PRPC in a large corporate environment.Experience in using & building PRPC frameworks for reuse, using Pega Connectors & Services for integration, PRPC tools PAL, Tracer, Security Model, Access Groups, UI Portals, Log Analyzer, PRPC Multi-node architecture and caching.Experience in PRPC configuration and customizationExperience in Pega SurveyWorking knowledge of Oracle 10g/11g database and experience with PLSQL and stored proceduresExperience developing and implementing governance and best practices for above technologies.Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Great team player and willing to work in an agile settingCSSA certification with 3-5 years of experience developing and designing Pega frameworks, objects, environments and applications.Complete understanding and wide application of technical principles, theories and concepts in the field thorough, practical and consistent with organizational objectives; Strong customer service focusFamiliarity with health care or PBM industryFamiliar with working in a vendor partner modelAbility to work a flexible schedule to accommodate project deadlinesDemonstrated ability to prioritize work load and meet project deadlinesAdaptability and willingness to lean new tools and applicationsAbility to adapt in a dynamic work environment and make independent decisionsDemonstrated ability to work collaboratively across project teamsABOUT THE DEPARTMENT Do you have a passion for programming and find yourself asking I wonder if I could do it this way? Our software engineering teams start with strategy and then create, test and deploy our client and patient applications. The result? Innovative, high- performing, scalable user-facing solutions relied on by millions every day. We work in an Agile environment, partnering with teams across the organization to craft exceptional applications with the ultimate goal of improving health outcomes for the 83 million patients we serve. ABOUT EXPRESS SCRIPTS Advance your career with the company that makes it easier for people to choose better health. Express Scripts is a leading healthcare company serving tens of millions of consumers. We are looking for individuals who are passionate, creative and committed to creating systems and service solutions that promote better health outcomes. Join the company that Fortune magazine ranked as one of the "Most Admired Companies" in the pharmacy category. Then, use your intelligence, creativity, integrity and hard work to help us enhance our products and services. We offer a highly competitive base salary and a comprehensive benefits program, including medical, prescription drug, dental, vision, 401(k) with company match, life insurance, paid time off, tuition assistance and an employee stock purchase plan.Express Scripts is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. Applicants must be able to pass a drug test and background investigation. Express Scripts is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. LI-CK1
Northrop Grumman Mission Systems’ Manufacturing Life Cycle Sustainment Operations (LCSO) is located in Elkridge and Sykesville, MD. LCSO is the Repair Center of Excellence supporting the Baltimore campus. The Software team creates design solutions for two Manufacturing/Repair Depot O&M supported programs. We are looking for a Software Engineer with .Net experience to be part of our team. This is an ideal role for someone who enjoys working closely with the users and having an immediate impact on their customers. Roles and Responsibilities: The Software Engineer will work closely with the Depot team to support the repair processes and program deliverables. The engineer will oversee processes to ensure accuracy of data gathered/date collected from Depot activities. The candidate will be the primary point of contact for all Depot program support; including Repair Labs, Operation Program Managers, Production Control, Storeroom, Mission Assurance, Pack and Ship employees. The candidate will work closely with the LCSO Engineering team and NGMS IT at all times. The ideal candidate will have experience in cradle to grave full stack development. CANDIDATE SUCCESS CRITERIA:•Ability to apply .Net successfully; proposing, supporting development, testing and implementation of process improvements •Highly skilled in critical thinking, effective project leadership and communication, able to meet deadlines with creative and usable solutions that meet customer need •Knowledge and practice of Desktop Windows Forms .Net best practices including usability, information architecture, and the ability to perform user research and analysis resulting in user friendly products •Ready to bring your best in solving problems for program customers Basic Qualifications:•Bachelor’s degree or higher in Systems Engineering, Computer Science, Engineering or a related STEM area (Science, Technology, Engineering or Math)•At least 2 years of experience in .Net Framework development•At least one year of SQL/Database experience to include some of the following: TSQL and PL/SQL; queries and stored procedure creation and updating; SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Developer, and Visual Studio IDE’s •Understanding of software development lifecycles including configuration/change management •MS Office suite (PowerPoint, Word, Excel, Access) operational proficiency •Experience successfully leading projects resulting in extraordinary customer satisfaction •Able to obtain and maintain a United States Postal Service clearance •Able to obtain and maintain a Secret clearance (U.S. Citizenship required) Preferred Qualifications:•Manufacturing and repair environment (Logistics) experience •Familiarity with ERP tools: Legacy ES SAP and GOLDesp •Experienced Design Thinking practitioner •Experienced Systems Thinking practitioner •Current United States Postal Service clearance Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. 
DescriptionAnalysis of business requirements; architecture and design of software systems; coding; unit and system testing; versatility with multiple technologies; ability to quickly learn and use new technologies; troubleshooting of difficult problems; expertise with the software lifecycle; scoping and estimation of projects; and writing of technical documentation. This position is based in North Hills, NY.Primary dutiesSoftware developmentCoordinates work with business, team members and other teamsCommunication with management and other teamsReporting of status and risksWorking effectively with internal partnersProvide technical guidance to less experienced peersWorks under minimal supervisionProvided with assignments and objectives and given wide latitude for independent judgmentCan be relied on to meet deadlines with high quality deliverablesThe responsibilities may include researching existing Open Source solutions and recommending for possible adaptation for DealerTrack software platform.QualificationsJob Requirements3-4 years of total experience in object oriented web development (OOD)Experience with at least one of the technology: 2+ years of experience with Python, 2+ years with Django or similar. Must have some web development experience.Experience with both UI and backend development including using one ORM technologyExperience with IBM datapower or similar is a huge plusUnderstanding Web Services is a plusKnowledge on Oracle is a plus.Experience with Apache is a plusExperience using development tools include source control (Git, Mercurial), IDEs, and defect tracking tools is a plusAbility and desire to learn new skills and technologies is essentialSelf-StarterBachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience.3-4 years of related work experience.About Cox Automotive Cox Automotive is transforming the way the world buys, sells and owns cars with industry-leading digital marketing, retail, financial and wholesale solutions for consumers, dealers, manufacturers and the overall automotive ecosystem worldwide. The Cox Automotive family includes Autotrader®, Dealer.com®, Dealertrack®, Kelley Blue Book®, Manheim®, NextGear Capital®, vAuto®, VinSolutions®, Xtime®, incadea® and a host of other brands. With a complete and connected view of the automotive ecosystem, Cox Automotive is a global company connecting people, cars and capabilities with services that link the automotive value chain. Cox Automotive is a subsidiary of Cox Enterprises. For more information about Cox Automotive, visit www.coxautoinc.com.Organization: Cox Automotive Primary Location: US-NY-North Hills-3400 New Hyde Park Rd Employee Status: Regular Job Level: Individual Contributor Shift: Day Job Travel: No Schedule: Full-time Unposting Date: Ongoing
Sales Development Representative Sales: Palo Alto, CA ABOUT TRIPACTIONS TripActions is a rapidly growing travel startup that is changing the way companies and employees approach the business travel. Today companies struggle to rein in costs while employees are forced to endure an ever-growing list of inconveniences: more travel restrictions, tighter policies, lost travel perks. TripActions is here to save the $1.3T business travel industry with a modern, mobile-first travel solution that works for companies and their employees.  We’re saving customers 30% on their travel budgets with the best end-to-end business travel offering on the market. We’ve built cutting-edge mobile-first technology, a 24/7 proactive support solution and a massive & unbiased collection of consumer, direct and corporate inventories for flights, accommodations, cars and more. Employees love us because we empower them to travel on their own terms. They’re in control of how they travel, earning points and rewards for personal use along the way.  We’re modernizing and re-defining what it means to travel for work. Come help us build the future.  TripActions is headquartered in Palo Alto, CA and backed by Zeev Ventures, LSVP, and SGVC. ABOUT THE ROLE The TripActions Sales team is looking to add a superstar SDR to the team. As an SDR you will work closely with the team responsible for bringing in new customers to our corporate sales team. This is a collaborative effort integrating the work of marketing, sales, and sales development in an effort to rapidly increase the volume and improve the quality of new business for our company.  RESPONSIBILITIES Grow TripActions growing customer list through outreach emails, calls and qualificationPartner with our account executive team to help generate meetings and sales pipelineCreate and prioritize target account and contact listsConduct high level conversations with executives in prospect accountsWork closely with Sales and Marketing on projects that help drive revenue growthAchieve monthly quotas of demos and qualified opportunities QUALIFICATIONS 1+ years prior sales experience (within a Software/High Tech company highly preferred)Fearless attitude – willing to take intelligent risksAbility to work in a time-sensitive and high volume environmentSelf-starter with a penchant for experimentation. You’re always looking for ways to do your job better and you never wait to be told what to do. When you see an opportunity, you jump on it.A positive attitude: You’re a team player and you’re resilient in the face of challengesStrong organizational skills with ability to effectively prioritizeArticulate with strong business acumenExperience using Salesforce.com or other CRMExcellent communication skills. You’re a clear, concise and compelling storyteller across written, verbal and visualBachelor’s degreeAn undeniable passion for travel EMPLOYEE BENEFITS Health: Medical, dental and visionFood: Catered meals and drinksStock: Be invested in our futureSavings: Take advantage of our 401KTravel: $2000 personal travel stipend to use on the app every yearCommuter benefits: Pre-tax benefit plus a $1000 yearly transportation stipendPeople: Friendly, nice and smart coworkersWork/life balance: Take time off when you need it with an open vacation policy. Monthly recharge days ensure you’re at your best.Location: Work from Palo Alto, the heart of Silicon Valley.
 Firmware Developer II Location  WA, Seattle Division  Product Development Requisition ID 660Apply NowZonar Systems is looking for a Firmware Developer II in our downtown Seattle Technical Design Center. This role will report to the Firmware Development Manager in the hardware group at Zonar. The team develops and maintains firmware for telematics hardware platforms. This role requires experience with embedded firmware development, ideally in an Agile Scrum environment. The candidate should possess excellent programming and debugging skills with the use of hardware and software tools and test equipment to deliver high quality, high performance firmware. WHAT WILL YOU DOFollow best practices for firmware development, including source code control, continuous integration, coding standards, and unit testing. Make suggestions for improvements to processes and standards.Understand behavior of legacy code in order to troubleshoot bugs or extend features.Suggest new development and testing tools or new ways to use existing tools in order to improve development processes.Select algorithms and design patterns considering embedded system constraints.Break down user and technical stories into smaller tasks. Provide accurate estimates for task completion time.Participate in technical architecture and design reviews.Identify gaps in requirements and make suggestions based on understanding of user and technical needs.Review and implement protocols for interacting with backend and mobile software.Read schematics and component datasheets to understand requirements for hardware driver implementation.Use hardware tools such as multimeters and oscilloscopes to troubleshoot firmware behavior.WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE TEAMBachelor’s degree (B.A./B.S.) from a four year college or university in computer science, electrical engineering, or a related field; and 3+ years of experience in embedded development with escalating responsibilities; or equivalent combination of education and experience.Experience writing C/C++ code for embedded devices (Java and Python a plus).Experience with best practices for software development, including Agile methodologies and the use of tools for issue tracking, documentation, static code analysis, and unit testing.Ability to analyze and understand an existing codebase and use that knowledge to troubleshoot, isolate, and resolve issues.Experience with real-time operating systems (embedded Linux experience highly desired).Experience with common microcontrollers and microprocessors (ARM Cortex-M3/M4 highly desired).Experience with automotive databus interfaces highly desired (CAN, J1939, UDS, OBD-II, J1587).Excellent verbal and written communication skills. About Zonar  Founded in 2001, Zonar has pioneered smart fleet management technology by providing innovative technology that has changed fleet operations in the vocational, pupil and commercial trucking industries. With a unique focus on this field, the Company offers a complete suite of solutions and specialized platforms for our customers in multiple markets. Our patented, award-winning technology keeps fleet owners and managers connected to their fleets and drivers to dispatchers. Zonar has a proven history of continuous innovation on behalf of our customers, providing products that efficiently and easily track commercial fleets and assets, streamline reporting and significantly increasing safety while saving cost. Leveraging a portfolio of 150+ patents, we are building upon these data and related analytics services to create the next generation of software and services for the 15M target customers in the US alone.  Headquartered in Seattle and majority-owned by technology company Continental, Zonar also has a Technology Development Center in downtown Seattle, a regional office in Cincinnati, and a distribution center outside of Atlanta. Our culture is based on ingenuity, leadership, teamwork, excellence, passion, integrity, and fun! Our company has grown to over 350 employees who are goal-oriented and fast-paced, but understand the importance of having a healthy work life balance. This is an excellent opportunity to work for a fast-paced, growing, innovative company, make a big impact on a rapidly evolving space, and have fun along the way!
ABOUT OUR COMPANYThought Industries is one of the fastest growing Boston-based elearning software companies. Founded in late 2013, our Saas platform is helping organizations build and deliver beautiful learning experiences to consumer and professional learning businesses around the world. We are a people-first organization with a flexible, fun, hard working environment and we're scaling the sales team to manage the increased market demand. Check us out here https://www.thoughtindustries.com/resources/overview-video .DOES THIS SOUND LIKE YOU?You are high energy, love a challenge, and enjoy working on building something meaningful. You want to sell a solution that looks incredible and customers love. You want to play a critical role in a fast growing technology company. You are self-motivated, willing to influence company culture and play a key role in sales and company growth. You are smart and passionate with B2B inside sales experience and have a track record finding and closing deals. You are confident in your verbal and written communication skills and relish in developing lasting relationships with your customers. Technology comes as second nature and you feel comfortable remotely presenting and demonstrating software.SO WHAT CAN I EXPECT FROM THE JOB?Hard work of course - But apart from that we’ll ask you to participate in new customer prospecting, uncovering leads, setting appointments and performing remote demonstrations of our software. You will be working with a great team of passionate individuals who will feed off your enthusiasm. You will be required to manage and report on your sales activity and close monthly and annual contracts according to sales goals.The ideal candidate will have the following:EXPERIENCEBachelor's Degree.5+ years of previous B2B SaaS software sales.Comfortable speaking to potential and current customers over the phone and demoing solutions through remote software.Ability to identify and qualify sales leads.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Passionate, motivated and hungry to succeed.Experience with consumer brands, media, and publishing companies a plus.Experience calling executives in marketing and online digital roles a plus.Job Type: Full-timeJob Location:Boston, MARequired education:Bachelor'sRequired experience:Software Sales: 5 years
 Based in California, AeroVironment (AVAV) is a global leader in unmanned aircraft systems, tactical missile systems and electric vehicle charging and test systems. Founded in 1971 by celebrated physicist and engineer, Dr. Paul MacCready, we’ve been at the leading edge of technical innovation for more than 40 years. Be a part of the team that developed the world’s most widely used military drones, pioneered today’s advanced EV charging technologies, created the first submarine-launched reconnaissance drone and has seven innovative vehicles that are part of the Smithsonian Institution’s permanent collection in Washington, DC. Join us today in developing the next generation of solutions from small UAS and tactical missile systems to tomorrow’s electric vehicle charging and test systems that will deliver more actionable intelligence to our customers so they can proceed with certainty – and succeed. Brief Description· Collaborate with engineers on design and assembly of ground control equipment and ground data terminals. Perform mechanical and basic electrical work.  · Mechanical assembly of subassemblies using hand and/or power tools. Fabricate and machine parts using different materials with little supervision.  · Works with other Production Technicians and Engineering to correct and improve upon any documents related to the assembly process at the required high-quality standard.  · Train other technicians to build a product or follow an established assembly process.  · Responsible for ensuring that work order protocols are followed and that work order paperwork is completed as the work is performed.  · Testing and troubleshooting of subassemblies and final assemblies.  · Ensure test assets are prepared to support testing, including checking that product hardware and software are properly configured, test plans and procedures are written, and equipment is operational.  · Direct test activities, fill in test data sheets, and transfer telemetry files to the network.  · Capture test failure details in defect reports, using an issue tracking system, like Bugzilla or JIRA.  · Debrief engineering and management team on results of various fabrication aspects and testing.  · Ability to drive company vehicles to suppliers, and various test fields to support flight ops or projects.  · Position may require some travel.· AA/AS or Certificate from a technical trade school in area of expertise, BS degree preferred.  · 10+ year’s progressive technical experience with UAS and GCS subsystems.  · Ability to read blueprints and schematics is desired. Ability to understand and read CAD drawings.  · Ability to write and update build procedures and test procedures.  · Must have RF test and troubleshooting experience. Knowledge of AeroVironment DDL desirable.  · Proficient in planning, writing, and executing test specifications.  · Experience writing bug reports and root-cause analyses.  · Experience troubleshooting problems in the field. Proven bootstrap skills a plus.  · Experience with hand tools, including crimpers, drills, taps, torque wrenches, power tools and air tools is required.  · Able to effectively communicate with engineers and others to troubleshoot and provide instructions and recommend potential solutions.  · Must be able to work in a dynamic and fast paced team environment.  · Must have strong computer operation skills and knowledge including UAS GCS computers.  · Must have strong oral and written communication skills.  · Organized, thorough, and engineering-minded with strong attention to detail.  · Familiarity with Safety and ESD practices is a plus. Job Requirements Additional Details AeroVironment is a technology solutions provider that designs, develops, produces and supports an advanced portfolio of Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) and electric transportation solutions. Agencies of the U.S. Department of Defense and allied military services use the company’s electric-powered, hand-launched unmanned aircraft systems extensively to provide situational awareness to tactical operating units through real-time, airborne reconnaissance, surveillance and communication. AeroVironment’s electric transportation solutions include a comprehensive suite of electric vehicle (EV) charging systems, installation and data services for consumers, automakers, utilities and government agencies, power cycling and test systems for EV developers and industrial electric vehicle charging systems for commercial fleets. More information about AeroVironment is available at www.avinc.com.AeroVironment Incorporated is an equal opportunity employer, M/F/D/V and works in compliance with both federal and state laws. We are committed to the concept regarding Equal Employment opportunity. Qualified candidates will be considered for employment regardless of race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, marital status, medical condition nor disability, genetics, veteran and all others that may apply. Amount of Travel Work At Home No
About Brainshark: Brainshark sales readiness software equips businesses with the training, coaching and content authoring capabilities to achieve sales mastery and outsell the competition.  With Brainshark, companies can: prepare sales teams with on-demand training that accelerates on-boarding and keeps reps up-to-speed; validate readiness with sales coaching that ensures reps master your message; and empower sales organizations with rich, dynamic content that can be created quickly and accessed anywhere.  Why is sales readiness such a big deal? It isnt its a HUGE deal. Before sales people get to solve real problems for their customers and ultimately roll in the big bucks, they have to be extraordinarily proficient at showing value and serving as a trusted advisor to their buyers. Thousands of companies including more than half of the Fortune 100 rely on Brainshark to identify and close performance gaps, and get better results from their sales enablement initiatives. Learn more at www.brainshark.com. Role: Are you an experienced security developer who is looking for a new challenge working with some of the most cutting-edge technologies like .Net Core, Azure, Angular 2/4, and Typescript? Were looking for a seasoned security developer who can help design and implement security controls and remediate discovered vulnerabilities as we migrate and redesign our platform in a cloud-native manner for Azure.  Working with the security architect, the security software developer will be deeply involved in developing architecture, remediating vulnerabilities, and training other developers to do the same. The security developer will also be involved in determining and implementing methods to assure secure software quality, and for monitoring and measuring the effectiveness of security controls.  Are you psyched to work on some cool projects alongside some cool people in an innovative and dynamic work place? This role may be right for you. Responsibilities:Work with the Security Architect to develop a company-wide software security strategy.Perform on-going code reviews to improve software security.Conduct peer code security reviews.Consult with team members on secure coding practices.Remediate identified vulnerabilities in application code.Troubleshoot and debug discovered security issues.Maintain technical documentation.Help re-architect and implement Brainshark functionality in a secure and cloud-native manner in Azure.Participate in architecture meetings to collaboratively determine the best way to balance security and functional requirements for complex products.Help ensure that all code deliveries are properly monitored, measured and easy to troubleshoot.Participate in the Agile Scrum process and be prepared to deliver stories on time. Qualifications: Bachelors in Computer Science, or related engineering field.Knowledge of C#/.net, JavaScript, Angular 2/4, Typescript, T-SQL.Proven experience as a software security engineer.Detailed technical knowledge of techniques, standards and state of the art capabilities for authentication, authorization, applied cryptography, security vulnerabilities and remediations.Desire to mentor, teach and lead teams.Thorough knowledge of attack vectors and vulnerabilities that may be used to exploit software.Great attitude with a sense of humor.Strong command of written and spoken English.Ability to work in the US without visa sponsorship. Preferred: Experience working with an HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript front-end (ex:backbone, jsrender, requirejs, jquery).Design Patterns and Object-Oriented Design.Exposure to mobile development.Understanding of classic Visual Basic 6 and Classic ASP. Please note, we are not accepting third party applicants at this time.
 Nexient (formerly Systems in Motion) has pioneered Onshoring, a uniquely efficient, US based service delivery model. We work with F-500 and next-gen technology companies across their application and data lifecycle in an innovative, agile and collaborative manner. We service customers from centralized delivery centers enabling our employees to build long-term careers with good work-life balance and have the opportunity to work across multiple technologies, projects, and customers. We are searching for a Senior ASP.NET Web Developer to work on a diverse project portfolio. The ASP.NET Developer position is responsible for developing websites and web based software based on a defined set of business requirements. The developer has an understanding of all areas of web development including presentation layer, data access, and database development. The developer will collaborate with a cross functional team that includes Designers, Programmers, and Project Managers to deliver solutions. We are looking for a Technical Kentico resources, accustomed to setting up Kentico products; modifying Kentico Templates not the code. Education and/or Experience:  Must have practical experience working professionally with Kentico CMS Excellent practical experience and knowledge using demonstrated experience developing web based solutions C#, ASP.NET, MVC • Established skills in designing and developing MS SQL 2008 or higher databases. • Familiarity with front end and database access technologies including CSS, Javascript, Jquery, and LINQ, Entity Framework. • 2+ years of experience in delivering web based solutions. • 2+ years of experience working in a team based environment.
Software DeveloperTitle : Software DeveloperPost Date : September 17, 2013Location: Fairless Hills, PA 19030.Role: Software  Developers:- Design databases to support business applications.  Implement business rules by utilizing abnitio, oracle, sql server,  informatica, cognos, unix, windows, and Java. These positions will  involve working in unanticipated locations.Desired Skills :Req. Master in Comp Sci,Eng, or related and 6 months exp.Contact information: Send resume to Virgo, Inc. 333 N. Oxford Valley Road, Suite# 405, Fairless Hills, PA 19030.
About Netskope Netskope is a fast-growing cloud security company in the Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB) market that provides discovery, visibility, monitoring, granular control and security for both sanctioned AND unsanctioned cloud apps. Many enterprises believe they have a low rate of cloud app adoption or take a "block all cloud app posture." The most recent Netskope Cloud Report indicates an average of 1031 actively used cloud apps per enterprise. Netskope enables IT organizations to discover apps, direct usage, protect sensitive data, defend against threats, and ensure compliance in real-time, on any device, including native apps on mobile devices and whether on-premises "in the enterprise network" or remote "out of network."  Netskope has been featured in The Wall Street Journal, Forbes, and TechCrunch and was recently named a SINET 16 2015 Innovator. The company's technology has been recognized by leading publications including SC Magazine, Security Products Magazine, and CIO. Netskope is headquartered in Los Altos, California. Visit us at www.netskope.com and follow us on Twitter @Netskope and Facebook. Staff Software Engineer Analytics Services In this job, you will play a key role in Netskope analytics platform. The analytics platform routinely analyzes data at a huge scale to generate unique insights. If you like working with data at Petabyte scale, build RESTful services in your dreams, have a passion for big data this position is for you. In this job, you will lead a team that:Designs and develops the analytics platformBuild analytics engine using various No-SQL technologiesBuild large scale distributed multi-tenant services that run at cloud scale Build APIs and high-level query language over multiple data stores for deliveringBuild APIs and high-level query language over multiple data stores for delivering insights to the UI layerConstantly improve, tune and scale SQL, NoSQL, and unstructured data storesBuild RESTful web services that horizontally scale and get deployed in global multi-datacenter environmentsWork with DevOPS on scaling servicesWork with PM to solve key customer needsQualifications/Requirements:7+ years of industry experience building highly scalable cloud servicesProgramming experience in Python (preferred), Java, C/C++Experience building RESTful servicesExperience in using, optimizing and scaling NoSQL data stores such as MongoDB, HBase etc.Experience in building level 2 caches using key-value stores such as Redis, Memcached etc.Knowledge of JSON, Protobuf encoding formatsExperience in using software and hardware based load balancersSolid understanding of big data and analytics conceptsSolid working knowledge in developing and running application in Linux environmentsProponent of test automation, knowledge of various unit testing frameworksExpert in data structures and algorithms, good knowledge of statisticsBS or MS in Computer Science
   At Sentar, our passion is protecting our nation’s security and our way of life, by innovating, building and securing mission critical assets. We are looking for people with big ideas and big dreams that want to grow them in a small business environment. If you are ready to jump in and get involved in building your future with us, we welcome you to explore the opportunities Sentar can offer.   Sentar is actively seeking a software developer to support a newly awarded government contract. Qualifications Full-Stack software engineering experience strongly recommended. Experience with Agile methodologies, JIRA, GIT, Subversion (SVN) a must. Strong Experience in HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, JQuery and latest Javascript frameworks (AngularJS, ReactJS, Bootstrap, Node.js etc)Strong Experience in object orientated programming such as Java, C/C++ using modern NoSQL/SQL data storage such as MongoDB, postgreSQL.Strong Experience using application servers such as JBOSS, TomcatExperience in Extract, Transform, Load services using various data structures.Experience manipulating query objects in XML, JSONResolve defects/bugs during QA testing, pre-production, production, and post-release patchesContribute to the design and architecture of the projectExperience with RESTful web services, micro services design and architectures, Single Sign On (SSO), PKI Integration, Unit, Integration, and Functional Testing (Selenium)
 We currently have over 40 openings for Entry Level Software Engineers, in multiple locations throughout the United States. No prior coding experience is required. You will receive the necessary training on after you are hired. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Responsibilities:Design and implementation of scalable software solutionsExecute full lifecycle software developmentWrite well designed, testable codeCollaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standardsDesign and modification of company’s digital productsPresent ideas for system improvements.Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy
 Act-On Software, a provider of SaaS based Automated Digital Marketing services to mid-size marketing departments, is seeking a Software Engineer to engage in the on-going development and expansion of our enterprise to a global community of marketers by deploying best of breed content management, media delivery, reporting and analytics.  Are you passionate about cutting-edge technology? Do you enjoy the fast pace of an Agile/Scrum environment? We are looking for the best and the brightest to join our team of world class Engineers. We are a diverse bunch, really passionate about our work but we have fun too, some of our hobbies include brewing beer and cycling. Sound like a fit for you? Join us in making the most exciting new products in Marketing Automation. What you will get to do: As a Software Engineer you will be developing a new Cloud Platform based Service Oriented Architecture in Java to provide digital marketing, creative, and analytical services to mid sized firms around the world as they engage their audiences with their brands.  The successful candidate will be/have: Extensive Java and J2EE-based server experienceMS degree and 2-3 years of relevant experience/ B.S with 4 years of experience in C.S/Math.Comfortable working in a fast-paced Agile/Scrum environment promoting and leading strong engineering best practices.Impressive oral and written communication skills and ability to work effectively with other talented engineers.Be committed to leading Test Driven Development, Continuous Integration, and Continuous Delivery paradigmsInvolved with micro-services and developing APIsExpert in SOA integrating and developing RESTful Web Services, SOAP, JSON, OAuth, Single Sign-On, and other Web Security concepts. In addition, the candidate will be/have one or more of the following: Experienced with messaging technologies: e.g. Kafka, RabbitMQKnowledge of NodeJS services: Express, PM2,Experienced working in a AWS cloud environment: e.g. using platform services, deployment and configuration.Understanding of database scaling and failover techniques applicable in cloud environments for both SQL and NOSQL database technologies: e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, CassandraExperienced with distributed processing systems: e.g. Hadoop, Spark, Hive.Experienced with containerization and orchestration:: e.g. OpenShift/Kubernetes, ECS, DockerKnowledgeable in Business Intelligence systems and practicesKnowledge of web application development e.g. HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Saas/LESS, Angular.js, Aurelia,, Polymer, etc.
 Job DescriptionJob Description Valdez International Corporation a major Aerospace / Defense contractor has positions available on its IAFNOS contract at Lackland AFB for Software developers.  Software developers are tasked to provide application support and sustainment of existing application software. Additional responsibilities include assisting in the management of database and transactional processing environments while supporting development needs for the unit.  The Software developer will be responsible for the creation and support of business applications and the environments those applications reside. The Software Developer will design tools to assist in the management of database and transactional processing environments. Required SkillsDesign, develop and sustain applications to meet the needs of the business unit.Develop solutions for automation and reporting including building security into all solutions to protect, enhance and respond to known vulnerabilities such as SQL injection, etc.Assist team members in resolving issues that impact the business unit.Application monitoring, database recovery plans, application and database backup plansExtensive experience in C#, .NET, JavaScript, and HTML.Experience using Microsoft Visual Studio, and Team Foundation Server.Experience with DataSets, DataTables, DataViews, SQL connection strings, and LDAP calls.Possess advance debugging skills in listed languages using Visual Studio and SQL Server Management Studio.Experience in web environment and IIS.Knowledge of reporting and query tools and practices.Preferred Skills3-5 years’ professional experience developing software, and have experience in each of the multiple levels of the software lifecycle.Prior experience in a military (Air Force) enterprise environment is preferred.RequirementsCandidate must hold an active Department of Defense (DoD) clearance level of Secret prior to start date.Candidate must be certified in accordance with DoD 8570 IAT Level II approved baseline certifications prior to start date.Additional industry certifications may be required within specific time frames.BenefitsMedical, Dental & Vision InsuranceCompany Paid Short & Long Term DisabilityLife InsurancePaid HolidaysVacation & Sick Leave401KValdez International Corporation provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Valdez International Corporation complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, and transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.Valdez requires drug screenings of all it's employees.By law, this position requires U.S. citizenship.Company DescriptionWe are a Global IT and Engineering Services Company. We have projects around the country supporting Department of Interior, Air Force and Bureau of Indian Affairs. Our work includes: Application and Web Development, Server, Network and Database Administration, Internet and Security. We work with exciting technologies like VMware, Citrix, Oracle, Cisco, Netgear, Microsoft and much more... Our Vision: Achieving Success through Ethical Business Practices and Respect for both Clients and Employees Our Mission: To provide a broad range of technical services to all clients while maintaining the highest standards of performance through the use of sound, ethical business practices and an emphasis on loyalty to our dedicated employees. Our Values: Integrity / Excellence / Teamwork Specialties: Server and Network Administration, Database Administration, Internet & Security, Engineering, Applications, Web Design, Application Development, Project Management Website: http://www.valdezicorp.com Industry: Information Technology and Services
As The Meet Group engineers, we believe Engineering Serendipity is more than a kick-ass statement; we believe its our goal. From conceptualization through completion, every product and feature we build is designed to improve the friendship-making experience of our members.The Meet Group is seeking a Senior Backend Software Engineer to help architect, build, iterate, and scale our backend application server software. As a Software Engineer you will have to be excellent in core Java to implement our application server code that scales to tens of millions of social connections per day, and be familiar with the rest of the stack up to the presentation layer including HTML, JavaScript, and Web Services.Key responsibilities Contribute best-in- class programming skills to develop highly innovative, horizontal & vertically scalable backend code in a clustered server environmentContinually offer thought-leadership and dependable execution ability in a high-paced environment characterized by ongoing iteration and product pushesPlay a key role in backend development, troubleshoot and help shape the architecture of new featuresRequirementsStrong Java experience including design, implementation, debuggingBS or MS in Computer Science or related field preferred, top-tier schools preferred, or equivalent experience3+ years experience building products for fast growing web or mobile productsSolid understanding of data structures and algorithms (i.e., understanding the tradeoffs of performance, complexity, etc.)Solid understanding of multithreadingComfortable in a small, intense and high-growth start-up environment that utilizes agile development practices such as SCRUM, unit testing, continuous integration, etc.Experience developing backend production code to be deployed in a high load linux environmentExperience profiling memory and performance in a distributed environmentComfortable with web services, Tomcat, SQL, Strong analytical skills, good judgment, and passion for your workDesired SkillsRest/JSON, SOAP web servicesExperience with horizontal scalingExperience with geospatial searchExperience with security best practicesKnowledge of design patternsAbility to work with other programming languages (polyglot engineer), especially scriptingHelpful if experienced with Node.JS, AWS, and building distributed servicesAbout The Meet GroupThe Meet Group, Inc. | NASDAQ: MEET | As the leading social network for meeting new people in the US, and the public market leader for social discovery, our mission is to improve our members lives by introducing them to fun and interesting people who share their passions, interests, and ideals. The Meet Group's products include MeetMe, Skout, Tagged, and hi5. The Meet Group is based in New Hope, PA with offices in Philadelphia and San Francisco.The Meet Group is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.#071317 ifwe meetme skout tagged hi5 ind123


 We are looking for an engineer to join the Security software development team who can help analyze and understand our current and future products to identify security threats, risks, and issues, and work with the team in solving these problems and designing in and implementing security at all levels. Sonos software team is roughly organized into: Control applications (Android, iOS, Mac, Windows)Device firmware (software running on the Sonos players, including Linux, device drivers, and low-level hardware support)Web Applications, Services, and Platforms You will help make sure that security of these areas is cutting edge, consistent, scalable, resilient, maintainable, and especially usable as ease of use is key to our products. This role is focused on the device firmware.We want someone who is excited about security! You may have security experience with technologies such as digital signatures, encryption, SSL, and PKI. You at least are very interested in learning about these things.  You enjoy digging into complex systems -- helping identify potential attack vectors and their remediation sounds like fun. The Sonos ecosystem is large and growing and security must be a consideration at all levels - you agree with this statement and are excited at the opportunity to help fulfill it.  One of the tricky things about security is that increased security often means increased complexity for the user. A clean, comfortable user experience is central to our products, and maintaining this is a primary requirement even as security is ratcheted up. This makes sense to you and you can bring usability to the forefront in your thinking and designs.  This is an opportunity to work with and learn from top-notch security engineers on a line of popular consumer products. Your code will help secure millions of devices, which is very cool. This role is initially focused on our embedded system products, but there is potential to grow into other areas, like cloud and mobile. The keys to the role are passion for security and the ability to learn quickly.* Some experience with, and definite interest in, security areas such as: Security architecture and designNetwork, applications, and systems securityCryptographic algorithms and systemsPlatform hardeningIdentity and trust management (authentication, authorization)Web services and platformsPII (Personally Identifiable Information) and Storage/SharingCan write reliable, extensible, and maintainable softwareSolid C/C++ skillsKnowledge of TCP/IP networking and/or IEEE 802.11/WiFi is a plusStrong written and verbal communication skillsThrives in fast-paced, results-oriented environment
Senior System Software Engineer – CUDA Driver NVIDIA’s invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Today, we are increasingly known as “the AI computing company.” We're looking to grow our company, and form teams with the smartest people in the world. Join us at the forefront of technological advancement. What we're looking for:We are hiring software engineers to work on the CUDA driver, a core component of our platform for accelerating general purpose computation on the GPU. Our team delivers features and improvements to better realize the potential of NVIDIA hardware for a growing range of computational workloads, ranging from deep learning, scientific computation, and self-driving cars to video games and virtual reality.CUDA defines a unified programming model across a range of system configurations and hardware capabilities. To accomplish this, the CUDA driver interacts with GPU hardware, kernel mode drivers, and the operating system.What you'll be doing:As a member of our team, you will use your design abilities, coding expertise, and creativity to deliver the best compute platform in the world. You will craft elegant solutions to exciting problems and shape the future direction of CUDA as you collaborate with your peers across NVIDIA.Evangelize, architect, and implement new featuresCoordinate and drive development efforts across multiple teamsHelp define forward-looking improvements to the CUDA APIs and programming modelWrite effective, maintainable, and well-tested codeDevelop code for multiple operating systemsWhat we need to see:BS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering​ or related fieldStrong C programming skillsMinimum of 5 years of related development experienceExperience working with large codebasesExperience with operating system interfaces for threads, process control, and virtual memoryExperience writing and debugging multithreaded programsGood written communicationDeep understanding of technology and passionate about what you doStrong collaborative and interpersonal skills, specifically a proven ability to effectively guide and influence within a dynamic matrix environmentWays to stand out from the crowd:Understanding of system level architecture, such as interconnects, memory hierarchy, interrupts, and memory-mapped IOKnowledge of memory coherence and consistency modelsExperience with kernel mode developmentExperience with Windows, Linux, or macOS driver developmentSome familiarity with C++ NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you passionate about what you do, creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 We’re looking for a software developer to assist building key web projects that impact our customers and our internal teams. Additionally, you will work closely with our Merchandiser to take new shoes from designs to live product on the Shoes of Prey website. You will be launching early and often, getting feedback and then iterating to produce systems that help drive the growth of the business. This role will give you the autonomy and responsibility to make a huge impact on the business with mentorship from a top notch team. We employ pair programming with all new hires to ensure minimal ramp up onto our technology stack and increase team cohesion.  You’ll be working with a motivated and talented Eng team, over 50% of which are female! We’re incredibly proud of our diverse team and great culture, and can guarantee it’s a fun and rewarding place to be. RESPONSIBILITIES Guide new products from design concept to live-on-site while helping to improve the efficiency of the new product introduction pipeline;  Utilize cutting edge tools like React, Redux, and Typescript to contribute to the development of a top tier website;  Learn best practices for responsive modern desktop and mobile web applications in a startup environment;  Lend your voice to architectural discussions that push our infrastructure to new levels of stability as we continue to grow;  Assist in improving the quality of the website by applying an engineering mindset with attention to detail in testing and development. REQUIREMENTS A passion for learning and expanding your existing skillset;  Computer Science (or similar) degree or relevant experience;  Familiarity with the web development stack and how applications are delivered from DNS to CSS;  Working knowledge of team based software development utilizing Slack, Github, etc. APPLICATION PROCESS We’re extremely passionate about hiring the right people at Shoes of Prey and carefully screen to ensure you want the job, you can do the job and you’ll be a great fit for the team. Our expectations are high so we take a robust approach with multiple phases before we make an offer.  To apply for this role, please email a cover letter and resume (in PDF format) to Anna Henderson. If you have some fun projects that you’d like to share, we’d also love to take a look at your github profile and learn more about projects you’ve contributed to as part of your education. Please feel free to provide relevant examples.  The salary for the role is commensurate with your level of experience and includes equity with stock options, health insurance, lunch office perks and of course - shoes!


 Skyword has a great opportunity for a highly skilled Java Integrations Developer to join our high profile Web startup located in downtown Pittsburgh. If you are a seasoned Java developer with a track record of working on complex Web applications, and are ready for a challenging & rewarding startup environment, then we want to talk to you! Responsibilities:Work as a developer on complex Internet applications in JavaAssist in continual improvement of Skywords application architectureIntegrate in-house software packages with documented business-to-business APIsWork in a team environment, collaborating with other engineers and members of other departmentsWork with external vendors and customers technical teams on inter-system integrationsWork on jobs of diverse scope and complexity requiring independent action and decision-makingExercise judgment, applying creativity and ingenuity in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutionsRequired Experience:Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or equivalent experienceAt least two years of professional development experience working on Internet applications within a team environmentProven ability to write code to communicate with diverse external APIsRequired Skills:Experience in designing and implementing architectures for large-scale web application systemsExtensive experience in Java 8 and related technologies for Web development (REST APIs, Spring)Strong knowledge and experience with relational database technologies and SQL schema design preferably with experience in an ORM persistence tool such as HibernateExperience with Internet related technologies including HTTP, JSON, and general Internet protocolsAbility to develop Java based software to interact with external APIs, whether web service or library-based, including, but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, Google, LinkedIn, etc.Experience with CMS software (Wordpress, Drupal, AEM) a strong plusAbility to work with customer and vendor technical teams to assist in integrationsFull life cycle development experience with latest versions of Java, MySQL or Oracle, JDBC, and LinuxGood organizational and documentation skillsMust be self-directed, confident, able to use best-practice development processes effectivelyAble to work in a team setting using Agile practicesCompensation and Benefits: Competitive salary; medical, dental, life, and disability insurance plans, three weeks paid vacation; 11 paid holidays and an open, friendly work environment  About Skyword:  Skyword moves brands and their content forward. By embracing a sustainable, scalable approach to original storytelling, Skyword liberates brands from ineffective marketing practices and inspires them to create deeper connections with their customers. With a powerful combination of enterprise-class technology, authentic voices, and professional services, Skyword propels clients content marketing programs to new levels of excellence. Skyword is a privately held company headquartered in Boston, MA, with an office in Pittsburgh, PA.  Skyword is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.
The Core OS organization is seeking an exceptional engineer to work on state-of-the art technology for macOS, iOS, tvOS and watchOS. You should have a strong understanding of operating system fundamentals and experience working throughout the stack. As a member of the team, you would participate in all stages of software development, from new feature design and implementation, to maintenance and bug fixing of released code. You will develop and improve unit tests and performance tests, and may also work on diagnosing and resolving customer reported issues.Key Qualifications: •Expert level C, experience with Objective-C •Experience with daemon and library development •Creative, critical thinking and troubleshooting skills •Exceptional professionalism, with the ability to deliver solid work on tight schedules •Excellent collaborative skills •Outstanding written and verbal communication •A genuine passion for consumer devicesDescription: You will primarily be responsible for daemons and frameworks that support functionality throughout the system. Previous experience with writing or maintaining daemons, libraries and command line tools on a UNIX platform is key. You should have excellent analytical skills and debugging experience. In addition to developing and maintaining individual projects, you will also be expected to provide design guidance and technical support and expertise to teams across the company.Education: B.S. in Computer Science, or equivalent experienceAdditional Requirements: Additional Success Factors: Development experience on macOS and/or iOS Experience with common embedded hardware architectures (ARM, PPC, MIPS) Experience with network communications programming Familiar with cryptographic concepts and techniques Familiar with open source technologies and development communities Familiar with Xcode Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
 Successful candidate will provide support to all areas of the project life cycle including development, testing, deployment, and documentation. Required Experience:1-2 years of experience as an applications programmer.Past performance demonstrating programming abilitiesActive Secret level security clearance or the ability to obtain a security clearanceDesired Experience:Ability to work independently and under general direction.Experience with a variety of software development environments (IDEs), i.e. Visual Studio.NET (C#) programmingJAVA experience can be substituted for C# if there is a desire to learn .NETPHP experience can be substituted for ASP experienceOracle database programming experience is preferred, but MS SQL Server or other relational database programming experience is acceptableStrong oral and written communication skillsAbility to work well with a team of developersMinimum Education:A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field from an accredited college or university.
Northrop Grumman Mission Systems’ Manufacturing Life Cycle Sustainment Operations (LCSO) is located in Elkridge and Sykesville, MD. LCSO is the Repair Center of Excellence supporting the Baltimore campus. The Software team creates design solutions for two Manufacturing/Repair Depot O&M supported programs. We are looking for a Software Engineer with .Net experience to be part of our team. This is an ideal role for someone who enjoys working closely with the users and having an immediate impact on their customers. Roles and Responsibilities: The Software Engineer will work closely with the Depot team to support the repair processes and program deliverables. The engineer will oversee processes to ensure accuracy of data gathered/date collected from Depot activities. The candidate will be the primary point of contact for all Depot program support; including Repair Labs, Operation Program Managers, Production Control, Storeroom, Mission Assurance, Pack and Ship employees. The candidate will work closely with the LCSO Engineering team and NGMS IT at all times. The ideal candidate will have experience in cradle to grave full stack development. CANDIDATE SUCCESS CRITERIA:•Ability to apply .Net successfully; proposing, supporting development, testing and implementation of process improvements •Highly skilled in critical thinking, effective project leadership and communication, able to meet deadlines with creative and usable solutions that meet customer need •Knowledge and practice of Desktop Windows Forms .Net best practices including usability, information architecture, and the ability to perform user research and analysis resulting in user friendly products •Ready to bring your best in solving problems for program customers Basic Qualifications:•Bachelor’s degree or higher in Systems Engineering, Computer Science, Engineering or a related STEM area (Science, Technology, Engineering or Math)•At least 2 years of experience in .Net Framework development•At least one year of SQL/Database experience to include some of the following: TSQL and PL/SQL; queries and stored procedure creation and updating; SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Developer, and Visual Studio IDE’s •Understanding of software development lifecycles including configuration/change management •MS Office suite (PowerPoint, Word, Excel, Access) operational proficiency •Experience successfully leading projects resulting in extraordinary customer satisfaction •Able to obtain and maintain a United States Postal Service clearance •Able to obtain and maintain a Secret clearance (U.S. Citizenship required) Preferred Qualifications:•Manufacturing and repair environment (Logistics) experience •Familiarity with ERP tools: Legacy ES SAP and GOLDesp •Experienced Design Thinking practitioner •Experienced Systems Thinking practitioner •Current United States Postal Service clearance Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. 
Sales Development Representative Sales: Palo Alto, CA ABOUT TRIPACTIONS TripActions is a rapidly growing travel startup that is changing the way companies and employees approach the business travel. Today companies struggle to rein in costs while employees are forced to endure an ever-growing list of inconveniences: more travel restrictions, tighter policies, lost travel perks. TripActions is here to save the $1.3T business travel industry with a modern, mobile-first travel solution that works for companies and their employees.  We’re saving customers 30% on their travel budgets with the best end-to-end business travel offering on the market. We’ve built cutting-edge mobile-first technology, a 24/7 proactive support solution and a massive & unbiased collection of consumer, direct and corporate inventories for flights, accommodations, cars and more. Employees love us because we empower them to travel on their own terms. They’re in control of how they travel, earning points and rewards for personal use along the way.  We’re modernizing and re-defining what it means to travel for work. Come help us build the future.  TripActions is headquartered in Palo Alto, CA and backed by Zeev Ventures, LSVP, and SGVC. ABOUT THE ROLE The TripActions Sales team is looking to add a superstar SDR to the team. As an SDR you will work closely with the team responsible for bringing in new customers to our corporate sales team. This is a collaborative effort integrating the work of marketing, sales, and sales development in an effort to rapidly increase the volume and improve the quality of new business for our company.  RESPONSIBILITIES Grow TripActions growing customer list through outreach emails, calls and qualificationPartner with our account executive team to help generate meetings and sales pipelineCreate and prioritize target account and contact listsConduct high level conversations with executives in prospect accountsWork closely with Sales and Marketing on projects that help drive revenue growthAchieve monthly quotas of demos and qualified opportunities QUALIFICATIONS 1+ years prior sales experience (within a Software/High Tech company highly preferred)Fearless attitude – willing to take intelligent risksAbility to work in a time-sensitive and high volume environmentSelf-starter with a penchant for experimentation. You’re always looking for ways to do your job better and you never wait to be told what to do. When you see an opportunity, you jump on it.A positive attitude: You’re a team player and you’re resilient in the face of challengesStrong organizational skills with ability to effectively prioritizeArticulate with strong business acumenExperience using Salesforce.com or other CRMExcellent communication skills. You’re a clear, concise and compelling storyteller across written, verbal and visualBachelor’s degreeAn undeniable passion for travel EMPLOYEE BENEFITS Health: Medical, dental and visionFood: Catered meals and drinksStock: Be invested in our futureSavings: Take advantage of our 401KTravel: $2000 personal travel stipend to use on the app every yearCommuter benefits: Pre-tax benefit plus a $1000 yearly transportation stipendPeople: Friendly, nice and smart coworkersWork/life balance: Take time off when you need it with an open vacation policy. Monthly recharge days ensure you’re at your best.Location: Work from Palo Alto, the heart of Silicon Valley.
ABOUT OUR COMPANYThought Industries is one of the fastest growing Boston-based elearning software companies. Founded in late 2013, our Saas platform is helping organizations build and deliver beautiful learning experiences to consumer and professional learning businesses around the world. We are a people-first organization with a flexible, fun, hard working environment and we're scaling the sales team to manage the increased market demand. Check us out here https://www.thoughtindustries.com/resources/overview-video .DOES THIS SOUND LIKE YOU?You are high energy, love a challenge, and enjoy working on building something meaningful. You want to sell a solution that looks incredible and customers love. You want to play a critical role in a fast growing technology company. You are self-motivated, willing to influence company culture and play a key role in sales and company growth. You are smart and passionate with B2B inside sales experience and have a track record finding and closing deals. You are confident in your verbal and written communication skills and relish in developing lasting relationships with your customers. Technology comes as second nature and you feel comfortable remotely presenting and demonstrating software.SO WHAT CAN I EXPECT FROM THE JOB?Hard work of course - But apart from that we’ll ask you to participate in new customer prospecting, uncovering leads, setting appointments and performing remote demonstrations of our software. You will be working with a great team of passionate individuals who will feed off your enthusiasm. You will be required to manage and report on your sales activity and close monthly and annual contracts according to sales goals.The ideal candidate will have the following:EXPERIENCEBachelor's Degree.5+ years of previous B2B SaaS software sales.Comfortable speaking to potential and current customers over the phone and demoing solutions through remote software.Ability to identify and qualify sales leads.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Passionate, motivated and hungry to succeed.Experience with consumer brands, media, and publishing companies a plus.Experience calling executives in marketing and online digital roles a plus.Job Type: Full-timeJob Location:Boston, MARequired education:Bachelor'sRequired experience:Software Sales: 5 years
About Brainshark: Brainshark sales readiness software equips businesses with the training, coaching and content authoring capabilities to achieve sales mastery and outsell the competition.  With Brainshark, companies can: prepare sales teams with on-demand training that accelerates on-boarding and keeps reps up-to-speed; validate readiness with sales coaching that ensures reps master your message; and empower sales organizations with rich, dynamic content that can be created quickly and accessed anywhere.  Why is sales readiness such a big deal? It isnt its a HUGE deal. Before sales people get to solve real problems for their customers and ultimately roll in the big bucks, they have to be extraordinarily proficient at showing value and serving as a trusted advisor to their buyers. Thousands of companies including more than half of the Fortune 100 rely on Brainshark to identify and close performance gaps, and get better results from their sales enablement initiatives. Learn more at www.brainshark.com. Role: Are you an experienced security developer who is looking for a new challenge working with some of the most cutting-edge technologies like .Net Core, Azure, Angular 2/4, and Typescript? Were looking for a seasoned security developer who can help design and implement security controls and remediate discovered vulnerabilities as we migrate and redesign our platform in a cloud-native manner for Azure.  Working with the security architect, the security software developer will be deeply involved in developing architecture, remediating vulnerabilities, and training other developers to do the same. The security developer will also be involved in determining and implementing methods to assure secure software quality, and for monitoring and measuring the effectiveness of security controls.  Are you psyched to work on some cool projects alongside some cool people in an innovative and dynamic work place? This role may be right for you. Responsibilities:Work with the Security Architect to develop a company-wide software security strategy.Perform on-going code reviews to improve software security.Conduct peer code security reviews.Consult with team members on secure coding practices.Remediate identified vulnerabilities in application code.Troubleshoot and debug discovered security issues.Maintain technical documentation.Help re-architect and implement Brainshark functionality in a secure and cloud-native manner in Azure.Participate in architecture meetings to collaboratively determine the best way to balance security and functional requirements for complex products.Help ensure that all code deliveries are properly monitored, measured and easy to troubleshoot.Participate in the Agile Scrum process and be prepared to deliver stories on time. Qualifications: Bachelors in Computer Science, or related engineering field.Knowledge of C#/.net, JavaScript, Angular 2/4, Typescript, T-SQL.Proven experience as a software security engineer.Detailed technical knowledge of techniques, standards and state of the art capabilities for authentication, authorization, applied cryptography, security vulnerabilities and remediations.Desire to mentor, teach and lead teams.Thorough knowledge of attack vectors and vulnerabilities that may be used to exploit software.Great attitude with a sense of humor.Strong command of written and spoken English.Ability to work in the US without visa sponsorship. Preferred: Experience working with an HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript front-end (ex:backbone, jsrender, requirejs, jquery).Design Patterns and Object-Oriented Design.Exposure to mobile development.Understanding of classic Visual Basic 6 and Classic ASP. Please note, we are not accepting third party applicants at this time.
About Netskope Netskope is a fast-growing cloud security company in the Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB) market that provides discovery, visibility, monitoring, granular control and security for both sanctioned AND unsanctioned cloud apps. Many enterprises believe they have a low rate of cloud app adoption or take a "block all cloud app posture." The most recent Netskope Cloud Report indicates an average of 1031 actively used cloud apps per enterprise. Netskope enables IT organizations to discover apps, direct usage, protect sensitive data, defend against threats, and ensure compliance in real-time, on any device, including native apps on mobile devices and whether on-premises "in the enterprise network" or remote "out of network."  Netskope has been featured in The Wall Street Journal, Forbes, and TechCrunch and was recently named a SINET 16 2015 Innovator. The company's technology has been recognized by leading publications including SC Magazine, Security Products Magazine, and CIO. Netskope is headquartered in Los Altos, California. Visit us at www.netskope.com and follow us on Twitter @Netskope and Facebook. Staff Software Engineer Analytics Services In this job, you will play a key role in Netskope analytics platform. The analytics platform routinely analyzes data at a huge scale to generate unique insights. If you like working with data at Petabyte scale, build RESTful services in your dreams, have a passion for big data this position is for you. In this job, you will lead a team that:Designs and develops the analytics platformBuild analytics engine using various No-SQL technologiesBuild large scale distributed multi-tenant services that run at cloud scale Build APIs and high-level query language over multiple data stores for deliveringBuild APIs and high-level query language over multiple data stores for delivering insights to the UI layerConstantly improve, tune and scale SQL, NoSQL, and unstructured data storesBuild RESTful web services that horizontally scale and get deployed in global multi-datacenter environmentsWork with DevOPS on scaling servicesWork with PM to solve key customer needsQualifications/Requirements:7+ years of industry experience building highly scalable cloud servicesProgramming experience in Python (preferred), Java, C/C++Experience building RESTful servicesExperience in using, optimizing and scaling NoSQL data stores such as MongoDB, HBase etc.Experience in building level 2 caches using key-value stores such as Redis, Memcached etc.Knowledge of JSON, Protobuf encoding formatsExperience in using software and hardware based load balancersSolid understanding of big data and analytics conceptsSolid working knowledge in developing and running application in Linux environmentsProponent of test automation, knowledge of various unit testing frameworksExpert in data structures and algorithms, good knowledge of statisticsBS or MS in Computer Science
 We currently have over 40 openings for Entry Level Software Engineers, in multiple locations throughout the United States. No prior coding experience is required. You will receive the necessary training on after you are hired. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Responsibilities:Design and implementation of scalable software solutionsExecute full lifecycle software developmentWrite well designed, testable codeCollaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standardsDesign and modification of company’s digital productsPresent ideas for system improvements.Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy
 Job DescriptionJob Description Valdez International Corporation a major Aerospace / Defense contractor has positions available on its IAFNOS contract at Lackland AFB for Software developers.  Software developers are tasked to provide application support and sustainment of existing application software. Additional responsibilities include assisting in the management of database and transactional processing environments while supporting development needs for the unit.  The Software developer will be responsible for the creation and support of business applications and the environments those applications reside. The Software Developer will design tools to assist in the management of database and transactional processing environments. Required SkillsDesign, develop and sustain applications to meet the needs of the business unit.Develop solutions for automation and reporting including building security into all solutions to protect, enhance and respond to known vulnerabilities such as SQL injection, etc.Assist team members in resolving issues that impact the business unit.Application monitoring, database recovery plans, application and database backup plansExtensive experience in C#, .NET, JavaScript, and HTML.Experience using Microsoft Visual Studio, and Team Foundation Server.Experience with DataSets, DataTables, DataViews, SQL connection strings, and LDAP calls.Possess advance debugging skills in listed languages using Visual Studio and SQL Server Management Studio.Experience in web environment and IIS.Knowledge of reporting and query tools and practices.Preferred Skills3-5 years’ professional experience developing software, and have experience in each of the multiple levels of the software lifecycle.Prior experience in a military (Air Force) enterprise environment is preferred.RequirementsCandidate must hold an active Department of Defense (DoD) clearance level of Secret prior to start date.Candidate must be certified in accordance with DoD 8570 IAT Level II approved baseline certifications prior to start date.Additional industry certifications may be required within specific time frames.BenefitsMedical, Dental & Vision InsuranceCompany Paid Short & Long Term DisabilityLife InsurancePaid HolidaysVacation & Sick Leave401KValdez International Corporation provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Valdez International Corporation complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, and transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.Valdez requires drug screenings of all it's employees.By law, this position requires U.S. citizenship.Company DescriptionWe are a Global IT and Engineering Services Company. We have projects around the country supporting Department of Interior, Air Force and Bureau of Indian Affairs. Our work includes: Application and Web Development, Server, Network and Database Administration, Internet and Security. We work with exciting technologies like VMware, Citrix, Oracle, Cisco, Netgear, Microsoft and much more... Our Vision: Achieving Success through Ethical Business Practices and Respect for both Clients and Employees Our Mission: To provide a broad range of technical services to all clients while maintaining the highest standards of performance through the use of sound, ethical business practices and an emphasis on loyalty to our dedicated employees. Our Values: Integrity / Excellence / Teamwork Specialties: Server and Network Administration, Database Administration, Internet & Security, Engineering, Applications, Web Design, Application Development, Project Management Website: http://www.valdezicorp.com Industry: Information Technology and Services

 We are looking for an engineer to join the Security software development team who can help analyze and understand our current and future products to identify security threats, risks, and issues, and work with the team in solving these problems and designing in and implementing security at all levels. Sonos software team is roughly organized into: Control applications (Android, iOS, Mac, Windows)Device firmware (software running on the Sonos players, including Linux, device drivers, and low-level hardware support)Web Applications, Services, and Platforms You will help make sure that security of these areas is cutting edge, consistent, scalable, resilient, maintainable, and especially usable as ease of use is key to our products. This role is focused on the device firmware.We want someone who is excited about security! You may have security experience with technologies such as digital signatures, encryption, SSL, and PKI. You at least are very interested in learning about these things.  You enjoy digging into complex systems -- helping identify potential attack vectors and their remediation sounds like fun. The Sonos ecosystem is large and growing and security must be a consideration at all levels - you agree with this statement and are excited at the opportunity to help fulfill it.  One of the tricky things about security is that increased security often means increased complexity for the user. A clean, comfortable user experience is central to our products, and maintaining this is a primary requirement even as security is ratcheted up. This makes sense to you and you can bring usability to the forefront in your thinking and designs.  This is an opportunity to work with and learn from top-notch security engineers on a line of popular consumer products. Your code will help secure millions of devices, which is very cool. This role is initially focused on our embedded system products, but there is potential to grow into other areas, like cloud and mobile. The keys to the role are passion for security and the ability to learn quickly.* Some experience with, and definite interest in, security areas such as: Security architecture and designNetwork, applications, and systems securityCryptographic algorithms and systemsPlatform hardeningIdentity and trust management (authentication, authorization)Web services and platformsPII (Personally Identifiable Information) and Storage/SharingCan write reliable, extensible, and maintainable softwareSolid C/C++ skillsKnowledge of TCP/IP networking and/or IEEE 802.11/WiFi is a plusStrong written and verbal communication skillsThrives in fast-paced, results-oriented environment
 We’re looking for a software developer to assist building key web projects that impact our customers and our internal teams. Additionally, you will work closely with our Merchandiser to take new shoes from designs to live product on the Shoes of Prey website. You will be launching early and often, getting feedback and then iterating to produce systems that help drive the growth of the business. This role will give you the autonomy and responsibility to make a huge impact on the business with mentorship from a top notch team. We employ pair programming with all new hires to ensure minimal ramp up onto our technology stack and increase team cohesion.  You’ll be working with a motivated and talented Eng team, over 50% of which are female! We’re incredibly proud of our diverse team and great culture, and can guarantee it’s a fun and rewarding place to be. RESPONSIBILITIES Guide new products from design concept to live-on-site while helping to improve the efficiency of the new product introduction pipeline;  Utilize cutting edge tools like React, Redux, and Typescript to contribute to the development of a top tier website;  Learn best practices for responsive modern desktop and mobile web applications in a startup environment;  Lend your voice to architectural discussions that push our infrastructure to new levels of stability as we continue to grow;  Assist in improving the quality of the website by applying an engineering mindset with attention to detail in testing and development. REQUIREMENTS A passion for learning and expanding your existing skillset;  Computer Science (or similar) degree or relevant experience;  Familiarity with the web development stack and how applications are delivered from DNS to CSS;  Working knowledge of team based software development utilizing Slack, Github, etc. APPLICATION PROCESS We’re extremely passionate about hiring the right people at Shoes of Prey and carefully screen to ensure you want the job, you can do the job and you’ll be a great fit for the team. Our expectations are high so we take a robust approach with multiple phases before we make an offer.  To apply for this role, please email a cover letter and resume (in PDF format) to Anna Henderson. If you have some fun projects that you’d like to share, we’d also love to take a look at your github profile and learn more about projects you’ve contributed to as part of your education. Please feel free to provide relevant examples.  The salary for the role is commensurate with your level of experience and includes equity with stock options, health insurance, lunch office perks and of course - shoes!

 We’re looking for a software developer to assist building key web projects that impact our customers and our internal teams. Additionally, you will work closely with our Merchandiser to take new shoes from designs to live product on the Shoes of Prey website. You will be launching early and often, getting feedback and then iterating to produce systems that help drive the growth of the business. This role will give you the autonomy and responsibility to make a huge impact on the business with mentorship from a top notch team. We employ pair programming with all new hires to ensure minimal ramp up onto our technology stack and increase team cohesion.  You’ll be working with a motivated and talented Eng team, over 50% of which are female! We’re incredibly proud of our diverse team and great culture, and can guarantee it’s a fun and rewarding place to be. RESPONSIBILITIES Guide new products from design concept to live-on-site while helping to improve the efficiency of the new product introduction pipeline;  Utilize cutting edge tools like React, Redux, and Typescript to contribute to the development of a top tier website;  Learn best practices for responsive modern desktop and mobile web applications in a startup environment;  Lend your voice to architectural discussions that push our infrastructure to new levels of stability as we continue to grow;  Assist in improving the quality of the website by applying an engineering mindset with attention to detail in testing and development. REQUIREMENTS A passion for learning and expanding your existing skillset;  Computer Science (or similar) degree or relevant experience;  Familiarity with the web development stack and how applications are delivered from DNS to CSS;  Working knowledge of team based software development utilizing Slack, Github, etc. APPLICATION PROCESS We’re extremely passionate about hiring the right people at Shoes of Prey and carefully screen to ensure you want the job, you can do the job and you’ll be a great fit for the team. Our expectations are high so we take a robust approach with multiple phases before we make an offer.  To apply for this role, please email a cover letter and resume (in PDF format) to Anna Henderson. If you have some fun projects that you’d like to share, we’d also love to take a look at your github profile and learn more about projects you’ve contributed to as part of your education. Please feel free to provide relevant examples.  The salary for the role is commensurate with your level of experience and includes equity with stock options, health insurance, lunch office perks and of course - shoes!


Job DescriptionSTART AND END DATES FOR THIS INTERNSHIP ARE SPRING 2018 (6 Months), SUMMER 2018 (3 Months) and FALL 2018 (6 Months) At IBM we have an amazing opportunity to transform the world with cognitive technology. By using the vast amounts of information available today to identify new patterns and make new discoveries, we are helping cities become smarter, hospitals transform patient care, financial institutions minimize risk, and pharmaceuticals find cures for rare diseases. Join the forward-thinking teams at IBM solving some of the worlds most complex problems there is no better place to grow your career!  Software Developer Interns at IBM can work in a variety of areas. As such, you might be involved in any of these specialties: Backend, Server Systems, or Cloud-Based Development Design and code servers, services, applications and databases that are reusable, scalable and meet critical architecture goals. Create Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) that are clean, well-documented, and easy to use. Create and configure Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) applications. Design and implement large scale systems and Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) that enable continuous delivery.Client-Facing Assistance and Solution Development Own the customer experience by solving complex business problems for the world's leading clients. Work directly with the customer to understand and troubleshoot issues, collect data, elicit detailed requirements, then design and implement innovative solutions across multiple industries and sectors, as well as governments and agencies.Automation Development and Testing Enable continuous deployment and availability by designing, developing and creating automated frameworks, processes and test cases based on functional and non-functional requirements. Build and manage testing environments, assisting in debugging application issues.Firmware Development Work with industry experts to design, develop and test fast and efficient software that directly manages and controls the hardware. Firmware may exist anywhere in a computing system from the central computing complex to management consoles, power supplies, and I/O adapters.Front End Development Create high-quality web and mobile apps containing rich content and user interface components by working closely with user experience designers to take wireframes and mockups from conception to implementation. Identify specific issues in the user interface, recommending and implementing solutions that influence and improve the design of products that provide a delightful user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability.Full Stack Development Work across the entire system architecture, from backend to front end, to design, develop, and support high quality and scalable products. Create everything from mockups and UI components to algorithms and data structures as you deliver a complete minimally viable product. Software Developer Interns are in demand across IBM's growth areas. You'll be matched and deployed to a development team in a strategic business, based on your offered location and fit. These are office-based positions in IBM locations including:  AZ - Phoenix  CA - Almaden, Costa Mesa, Emeryville, Foster City, Redwood, City, San Francisco, San Jose  CO - Denver  GA - Atlanta  MA - Andover, Cambridge, Littleton  MN - Rochester  NC - Raleigh-Durham  NY - New York City, North Castle, Poughkeepsie, Yorktown Heights  OH - Cleveland, Dublin, Hartland  OR - Hillsboro  PA - Blue Bell, Pittsburgh  TX - Austin, Dallas  VT - Essex Junction Opportunities in these locations will vary based on business demand. What Youll Do:Youll work in an Agile, collaborative environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our highly valued customers.Youll employ IBMs Design Thinking to create products that provide a great user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability.Youll work with a variety of relational databases (SQL, Postgres, DB2, MongoDB), operating systems (Linux, Windows, iOS, Android), and modern UI frameworks (Backbone.js, AngularJS, React, Ember.js, Bootstrap, Node.js, and JQuery).Who You Are:You are highly motivated and have a passion for creating and supporting great products.You thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills.You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues.You have a basic understanding of software development and programming in a language such as Java, Javascript, C, C++, or Python. Required Technical and Professional Expertise Must have basic knowledge in one of the following technology areas: Java, Javascript, C, C++, or Python Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Willing to travel up to 10%Bachelors or Masters Degree EO Statement  IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
About the Company:Created to answer the seemingly simple idea that there must be a smarter way to sell, ZenProspect is the most effective way to help companies scale their growth. We help teams identify and acquire target prospects, A/B test drip campaigns, convert into qualified appointments and demos, and get predictive analytics with our simple, all-in-one platform. Our mission is to connect companies who have great products with businesses who need them.ZenProspect is run by a lean team of mission-oriented individuals driven by big ideas. The incredibly high caliber team is genuinely interested in building a great product and everyone is able to do so by following a motivating set of company values -- like humility, integrity, and continuous growth.About the Role:There is much more that we want to build and so much that we could improve. We value strong engineers who are agile enough to jump into most projects.Examples of work that Software Engineers do at ZenProspect:Scrape news from more than 1000+ sources every day. Apply NLP to categorize the news, and alert users based on their preference.Design, build, and scale machine learning pipelines that analyze and score users data based on billions of signals that we scrape from tens of millions of websites.Design, build, and scale complex and highly customizable analytics engines to help clients track success metrics while using our platform.Build a phone call system that allows users to make phone calls on the platform and track their phone call history. Apply NLP on the recording to help our customer analyze their phone calls and improve performance. Responsibilities Collaborate with CEO and CTO to iterate on the design and implementation of productWork closely with Backend Engineers to build features and ship experimentsFront-end development in React and styling in html/cssBuild efficient and reusable front-end systems and abstractionsFind and address performance issuesParticipate in design and code reviewsIdentify and communicate front-end best practicesRequirementsExpert knowledge of JavaScript, including libraries and toolingCommanding grasp of HTML, CSS, and related web technologiesMastery of modern front-end framework, such as React or AngularAwareness of cross-browser compatibility issues and client-side performance considerationsDemonstrated design and UX sensibilitiesCreative and innovative problem solver with experience working in a startup environmentMinimum of 2 years experience in front-end development Great To Haves Familiarity with Ruby on Rails, React, MongoDB, and ElasticSearchExperience with Web scraping (Mechanize, Phantomjs, Selenium, XPath,... )Experience with Machine LearningPerksCompetitive salary, equity grants, healthcare (medical, dental, vision), 401(k)Flexible time-offHealthy catered lunches and a fully-stocked kitchenPre-tax commuter benefits and easy access to BART, CalTrain, and MUNITeam happy hours and team building eventsDog friendly officeIf this sounds interesting, we would love to hear from you! Please include whatever info you believe is relevant: resume, GitHub profile, code samples, links to personal projects, etc.
Auto req ID 2355BR Posting Title Software Engineer Job Category Engineering City Independence State Missouri Alternative Work Location Independence, MO Company Description Progress Rail, a wholly owned subsidiary of Caterpillar Inc., is a total solutions provider of rolling stock and infrastructure products and services. We are a premier employer within the global rail industry, with products and services represented in over 100 countries around the world. With headquarters in Albertville, AL, more than 8,000 employees serve customers through a network of close to 200 worldwide locations, and as one of the most trusted providers of locomotive, freight car, transit, track and signal solutions, we are continually expanding our footprint.  Becoming a part of the team means becoming a part of a rich heritage and a bright future in our global marketplace. Our goal is to recruit, hire and develop a skilled workforce to meet the challenges of the future. Within Progress Rail, there exists a wide range of rewarding assignments and career paths. Our greatest strength and advantage in the marketplace is our commitment to create value for and serve our customers with the best team.  For more information, visit www.progressrail.com or follow us on twitter @Progress_Rail. Job Purpose Progress Rail Services Corporation, a Caterpillar Company and a leading provider of services to the Railroad industry in the US, Canada, Mexico, and Brazil, seeks a Software Engineer at our facility in Independence, MO.  The successful candidate is responsible for Windows and embedded software application solutions for our Carborne Event Recorder product line. This position will works closely with product management and engineering in requirements gathering and software design and development. Organizational skills and the ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment are a must. Key Job Elements • Coordinating and defining requirements and application design from product management and field engineering; Development, testing and deployment of product executive software in a Windows based development environment;Managing the development of product & software documentation;Software configuration management and workflows;Troubleshoot remote hardware and software issues. Education / Training • Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent experience. Qualifications and Experience • 3 to 5 years’ experience in a Windows XP/7/10 software development environments; Knowledge of C++, C#, .NET, SQL, and database management tools;Experience in Visual Studio required;Experience with Linux/QNX preferred but, not required;Candidate must have initiative and a driven, high-performance work ethic;Candidate must work well in a high-energy team environment;Solid communication skills. Benefits Progress Rail Services Corporation and its subsidiary and affiliate companies offer an excellent total compensation package* including competitive salary, 401(k) plan with company match, available medical/dental/life/disability insurance coverage and paid vacation and holidays. Relocation assistance may be available for some positions. Benefits eligibility differs by job position and employment status - governing plan documents control such benefits.. EEO Equal Opportunity Employer – Race/Color/Sex/Religion/National Origin/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Vets/Disabilities
What we do: Digital ads drive over 100 billion phone calls to U.S. businesses every year Surprisingly, the marketers who paid for those ads typically have zero insight into these customer interactions and conversions. As the market leader in call analytics and customer experience optimization, DialogTech provides data-driven marketers with an end-to-end call attribution and analytics platform. This enterprise-class solution delivers transparency and control over every conversation, so companies can optimize lead generation, map the full path to conversion, and increase sales conversions. Thanks to smartphones, consumers are calling businesses to engage in conversations at record rates throughout every stage of the customer journey, and at DialogTech we are changing the world of voice communications for our customers. We enable our customers to better attribute, route, personalize, and handle their voice interactions at each stage of the marketing and sales processes.The team youd join: DialogTechs Attribution team codes the glue that ties your web experience to your phone experience and then channels this data into tools that allow our clients to better understand their customers experience. The process is called attribution and we accomplish this by creating and consuming APIs that gather and merge large volumes of data from many systems and then make this data available to our clients in reports, APIs, and GUIs. Our technology stack is deeply diverse In addition to a variety of 3rd party APIs, it includes an assortment of programming languages and AWS products. Most of our new projects are being written in node.js and we have repositories with node.js, PHP, and Python. As a member of the attribution team, youd be encouraged and enabled to stay abreast of current technology trends and to use that research to contribute to the industrys leading product.Where you fit in: You will be working with our attribution team as a back-end engineer to help expand our core call tracking product, SourceTrak. Attribution team works with various tools and services in AWS including RDS MySQL, DynamoDB, EC2, Lambda, Kinesis, and SQS. Integrate with technologies from key partners including Google, Adobe, Salesforce, Microsoft, and Amazon while building new products. Collaborate with Attribution team to research, define, test, and code solutions for an industry leading product that does attribution, call tracking, call routing, and call analytics.Ideal Experience: Passionate and curious about technology -- researches trends, advocates best practices, and finds applications of new technology to customer needs 5+ years of experience developing with modern languages, preferably several different languages. In use today: Node.js, Python, PHP, JavaScript Deep understanding of web user tracking technologies using JavaScript including first party cookies, third party cookies, cross-device tracking, and how browser security models impact those approaches Collaborated with teams doing lean software development, agile software development, and/or continuous deployment practices Familiarity with several data storage engines including DynamoDB, SQL, NoSQL, Elastic, Redis and the contexts in which they are appropriate Working understanding of API design including building and consuming 3rd party APIs. Specific experience with Google Adwords, Adobe Analytics, Marin, Double Click, Adobe Media Optimizer, Optimizely, Hubspot, and Convertro is a plus. Experience with a wide variety of enterprise application integration patterns, their tradeoffs and proper contexts for use At Dialog Tech, we hire SWANs, Smarter than average, hard Working, Ambitious, and Nice we want the best on our team and in turn we give the best. Join us at one of the 101 Best and Brightest Places to Work in Chicago and nationally, 6 times running, Chicago Tribune's Top 100 Workplaces company and a 2017 Crain's Fast 50 company! We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 HomeWorks Energy is looking for a Software Developer who is hard-working, analytical, and is excited by the idea of owning the development of a new platform. You will be helping design and implement a platform we are creating to help us best help our customers. If you enjoy working on a small team, care about the environment, and have a passion for developing maintainable and beautiful code, please apply! Primary Responsibilities, varying by project:Design and develop new features for our new platform as well as internal toolsConsult with internal teams to define technical requirement, capabilities and guide architectural decisionsWrite modular code that can be effectively used in future development workSkills and Requirements:Strong knowledge of Cloud based solutionsExperience in AWS tools like Lambda, S3, API Gateway, EC2, RDS, etc..Back end development in Node.js, Python, Go or whatever language you think is most suitableExperience with working with a front end framework (Ember, React, Angular)Good understanding of underlying concepts including async JavaScript/ callbacks, JSON, XML, HTTP requestsKnowledge of best practices in web developmentWillingness to constantly learn new technologiesOpen to code reviews and pair programmingAbility to handle changing priorities, manage multiple tasks and work within tight timeframes and deadlinesDesire to take complete ownership of assigned projectsBenefits:Career development and advancement opportunitiesMedical and Health BenefitsVision BenefitsDental BenefitsPaid Time Off401K with company match
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and theres no telling what you could accomplish. The iCloud Team is looking for a quality assurance engineer to join our group. Responsibilities include automation, regression, ad-hoc and functional testing of server components focusing on the CloudKit area within iCloud; interacting with Mac OSX, iOS, and icloud.com.Key Qualifications: •Comfortable and adaptable in a high-paced and informal environment •Creative thinker and problem solver •Strong analytical, investigative and debugging skills •Excellent verbal and written communication skills •Passion for the protection of the integrity of critical customer data •Strong commitment to technical quality assurance as a key part of the development cycle •Willingness to work cross-functionally with other teams •Ability to work without a large amount of guidance or documentationDescription: Primary duties Automation of services using a proprietary framework which simulates human user interaction with iOS devices/Macs/Web services and Windows. Coding for this framework is in Swift. This position requires working closely with other teams to get specs and minimal guidance, and then working autonomously to create test plans and then automate them. This position also requires occasional hand-on testing using devices and Macs directly to accomplish testing needs. This position requires a self-motivated individual with strong technical and communication skills who can contribute in a team environment.Education: BS EE/CE/CS or equivalent; QA experienceAdditional Requirements: * Experience or knowledge of the iCloud suite of applications. * Experience or knowledge of macOS, iOS, and Windows operating systems * Comfortable in a command line environment and Xcode experience * Proficiency in one or more programming languages, ideally Swift, and knowledge of Xcode * Experience with test automation frameworks for iOS (XCTest, XCTestUI) * BS or equivalent in Computer Science Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
 What You'll Do You design, develop, test, and debug state of the art software modules that allow integration of Hyperflex storage with Windows Hyper-V eco system. The development shall range from managing/exposing SMB storage, programmatically controlling full life cycle of Virtual machines, Failover cluster, snapshot, clones to all the way integrating with SCVMM, SCOM, and SMI-S.  As a senior member of the team, you will be responsible for providing technical thought leadership and mentoring to the junior members of the team. Who You'll Work With You will work with product management on writing detailed functional specifications for the features. You will work with various other systems management engineers to integrate your software modules into the product. You will work with QA on test plans, and on defect fixing. You will work with product support to interface with customers using your product. You will collaborate with other members of your team and cross-functional team to develop and integrate your components, and enhance your expertise as a systems software engineer. Who You Are You are an ambitious self-starter who enjoys new challenges and wants to be part of a winning team, as we continue to operate in start-up mode post the recent Cisco acquisition. You will have the opportunity to work and learn in a fast paced environment with a team of talented engineers, developing state of the art software in the Hyper-Converged Infrastructure space. Software design and development experience in systems management/orchestration layer is required.You have a Master's degree in Computer Science or related field with preferably 8+ years of distributed software development experience.Knowledge of C#, Powershell, Java, Windows and user mode programming is required.Exposure to Windows storage technologies will be required.Knowledge of management of cross operating systems, like managing Windows from Linux, will be huge plus.Exposure to Scala or Windows eco system plugins (SCVMM, SCOM) will be a plus.Very good communication and team player.  Why Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  We Are Cisco.  *LI-PC1  dicedev  #GD2015
 The Development Manager will be responsible for overall management of medium to large scale mixed-use, hotel, tower and multi-family projects with a focus on Pro Forma, government approvals, design, layout, cost monitoring and control, schedule management, and project reporting and documentation as required. Manages projects from conception until completion. Requirements:Training/EducationBachelor’s Degree in Civil Engineering, Real Estate, Finance, or related field; Master’s degree highly preferredExperienceMinimum of five to eight (5 to 8) years of experience in the area of civil engineering, real estate development and/or construction managementDemonstrated experience in overall project planning, pro formas, design, budget creation, managing government agencies, cost monitoring and projectionDemonstrated experience managing large projects including hotel and mixed-use developmentDemonstrated knowledge of the entire development process with a high degree of knowledge and experience in hotel and mixed use developmentComputer literacy sufficient to operate Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Outlook, etc.) and other business related software such as CAD, Procore, and Sharepoint.Special RequirementsExceptional leadership, interpersonal and communication skillsExcellent organizational and time management skills including ability to multitask, prioritize and meet changing deadlinesResults oriented and solution focusedHigh level of strategic planning and“big picture” skillsHigh degree of professionalism; ability to interact and collaborate with diverse groups to achieve resultsHigh degree of accountability and ownershipExcellent judgment and decision making skillsStrong technical understanding of design and constructionExceptional negotiation and analytical skillsEssential Functions:Responsible for creating the Pro Forma and maintaining a working budget for each project including hard costs, soft costs as well as tracking those costs from project inception through completion.Responsible for executing all processes/transactions related to exploratory projects including Site Investigation, Project Description, Conceptual Plan, Market Study, Development Schedule and Pro FormaDevelop and implement consistent collaborative process that promote transparent reporting for both internal and external stakeholders.Develop and implement consistent collaborative process incorporating staged/phased investigation, validation, design, funding, and entitlement of proposed development via formal approval process with Investment CommitteeResponsible for scope development and review on a component and aggregate basis to ensure complete coverage for the entire projectParticipation in the due diligence portion of potential development projects including zoning approvals, easement acquisition, geotechnical and environmental studiesResponsible for monitoring the overall project schedule and advising senior staff regarding issues related to maintaining the critical path for completionResponsible for preparing monthly executive project summariesResponsible for preparing monthly drawsWork in conjunction with the construction contractor (internal or external) assigned to the project to ensure project planning, phasing, turnover and schedule are all executed efficiently for the maximum benefit of the projectResponsible for managing submittals and requests for information that require owner input and/or reviewResponsible for maintaining owner related records and documentation management.Work in association with Construction Project Manager(s) whether internal or third party contractorServe as point of contact between Buckingham Companies and its outside consultants, utility providers, municipalities, and zoning authoritiesCoordinate with internal resources as well as outside resources including various engineering disciplines, architectural firms, and legal entities required for each projectPrepare reports, correspondence and other administrative paperwork in a timely, professional and accurate basisActs as the owner rep on all projectsEnsure company policies, procedures and guidelines are complied with in a professional manner and are demonstrated in all oral and written communicationsWillingness to travel as dictated by projects, performance goals, job description or as directed by supervisorOther duties as assigned by supervisor
SUMMARY Assurity is looking to add multiple software development  associates to our growing team! Experience a culture with strong corporate  values and a desire to help others in a position that provides “Best in Class”  service and high standards of quality in every interaction. Under the  leadership of the Development Supervisor, the Software Developer will be  responsible for developing, testing and supporting business solutions among other  duties. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES (included but not limited to) Develop and maintain high quality  web services and applications based on user requirements.  Perform testing including  automated unit testing of applications.  Identify and work with supervisor  to recommend mitigation strategies for risks during development.  Follow and promote good design and  coding practices.  Provide communication on project/task  status clearly and effectively.  Be able to achieve deadlines and  goals while delivering excellent quality product.  Be part of an on-call rotation.  Be a team player who is willing to  learn and teach other developers and stakeholders. REQUIRED EXPERIENCE AND SKILL Minimum of 4 years of experience in  web development.  Experience with creating and  consuming JSON and XML.  Experience using RDBMS.  Experience using automated unit  tests frameworks.  Experience using repositories like  TFS, Git.  Experience working in an agile  environment.  Strong attention to details and  excellent problem solving skills.  Ability to work in a highly  energized, fast-paced, adaptive environment.  Professional oral and written  communication skills.  Talent required in values, achiever,  work intensity, resourcefulness, exactness, positivy, relationship and  influence. PREFERRED EXPERIENCE AND SKILL Experience with MVC and Web API.  Experience with object relational mapping  frameworks like Entity Framework.  Experience with scripting languages like JavaScript, AngularJS.  Experience with building for the cloud.  Experience or knowledge of SOA  pattern and REST web services.  Experience or knowledge of build  automation.  Knowledge of best practices for  the full SDLC including design patterns, coding standards, code reviews, build  processes and testing.  Experience with agile development  methodologies. EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, business  technology or related field preferred. PHYSICAL ANDWORK SCHEDULE REQUIREMENTS May  require work in excess of 40 hours a week in order to complete functions of  position.  Ability to work out of our  Lincoln, NE office.
 Work within a team to develop EDI and other data solutions for internal and external customers and partners. Responsibilities include analyzing requirements, understanding business processes and needs, and designing/building solutions to achieve business goals. Solutions usually involve extract, transformation, and delivery of data derived from production platforms, business partner sources, and government sources. Projects are completed with cross-functional teams of IT peers and business partners. Manage time and expectations to ensure a high degree of stakeholder and user satisfaction. Evaluate and prioritize stakeholder requests. Communicate promptly, consistently, and effectively with stakeholders.Balance high-priority work with lower priority maintenance work to ensure both success of projects and smooth operation of existing functions.Analyze and evaluate data sources, requirements, and business processes. Develop, optimize, and support code solutions within a structured coding environment. Assess user requirements and provide input to departments. Liaise with other IT staff to improve system efficiency, security, and functionality.Identify, diagnose, and resolve potential and evident system problems. Provide troubleshooting support to other staff.Support standard healthcare X12 transactions and environments, especially involving EDI 834, 835, and 837 document types.Work with Edifecs software to process EDI transactions and custom file formats.Design and apply new methods and procedures. Develop and test systems, programs, and database structure for efficiency and effectiveness.Prepare systems specifications, project plans, and other internal documents. Ensure users and partners understand nature of work being performed, as well as timeframes and milestones. Provide regular status updates to supervisors and stakeholders.Train users in technical aspects of systems.Participate in selection and recommendation of suppliers and vendors. Assist in management of those relationships.Proactively identify opportunities for system and process improvement. Work with management and stakeholders to prioritize and implement solutions accordingly.Supporting Responsibilities:Meet department and company performance and attendance expectations.Follow the PacificSource privacy policy and HIPAA laws and regulations concerning confidentiality and security of protected health information.Perform other duties as assigned.Work Experience: Minimum of two years of real-world systems development and analysis in a business environment required. Health insurance industry and claims or billing systems experience preferred. Experience with Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) strongly preferred. Education, Certificates, Licenses: Bachelors degree or equivalent in Computer Science or closely related field and 2 years relevant experience. Knowledge: Understanding of HIPAA X12 transactions. Visual Studio.NET languages and Microsoft Transact-SQL, normalized database design. Client/server design concepts. Structured code management best practices. Self-management skills for coordinating numerous, simultaneous projects. Responsible for accurate, reliable design, development, maintenance, and testing of applications. Participate in broad information systems assignments requiring originality and ingenuity. Work independently and in teams. Proficient keyboarding required. Code Management (such as Visual SourceSafe); Use of change control and production control for deployments.CompetenciesOur ValuesBuilding Customer LoyaltyBuilding Strategic Work RelationshipsContributing to Team SuccessPlanning and OrganizingContinuous ImprovementAdaptabilityBuilding TrustWork StandardsWe are committed to doing the right thing.We are one team working toward a common goal.We are each responsible for our customers’ experience.We practice open communication at all levels of the company to foster individual, team and company growth.We actively participate in efforts to improve our many communities-internal and external.We encourage creativity, innovation, continuous improvement and the pursuit of excellence.Environment: Work inside in a general office setting with ergonomically configured equipment. Travel is required approximately 5% of the time. Physical Requirements: Stoop and bend. Sit and/or stand for extended periods of time while performing core job functions. Repetitive motions to include typing, sorting and filing. Light lifting and carrying of files and business materials. Ability to read and comprehend both written and spoken English. Communicate clearly and effectively. Disclaimer: This job description indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position and is subject to change. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive list of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this position. Employment remains AT-WILL at all times. PacificSource is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to status as a protected veteran or a qualified individual with a disability, or other protected status, such as race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or age.
Software DeveloperConsultis, a premier Technical Recruiting Services Company with a single focus of pairing the right candidate with the right employment opportunity is currently searching for a Software Developer for a direct hire opportunity with a local software company. Job Description The Software Developer will be responsible for managing the interchange of data between the application and the browser. Submit your resume using the apply feature on this page or feel free to email to:Email [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]Your Success is Our Success!Job Responsibilities & Essential Job Functions The Software Developer will be responsible for: Developing, testing, documenting, and deploying software in support of various business applications and products.Assisting in researching and evaluating software toolsCompleting software and processing documentation.Ability to scale an application and/or its hosting environment to support increases in traffic.Implementing content approval and staging workflows.Migrating data and scripts migration of data.Securing data or access to applications with multiple user levelsAbility to work with a template driven system with a clear separation between content and displayFollows application and scripting development best practices including architecture and scalability, executes tasks with both procedural and Object-oriented programming development techniques, and maintains familiarity with the syntax and control structures of the given language.Maintains a strong understanding of Ruby on Rails.Understands technologies and languages which power the web including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.Qualifications Should have knowledge of:  Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook FTP, DNS,WINS, VPN, Webmin, Request Tracker, SQL server, Linux systems,IPv6 software, Java systems, monitoring software, Atlassian software and development tools,virtualization software, UNIX systems,service high availability systems, and failover systems.Email [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]Your Success is Our Success!TO APPLY FOR THIS POSITION: Please apply online through Consultis' application process. This will register you into our database allowing us to better qualify and present you with opportunities. Provide as much information as possible including telephone #s, email, local address, resume, skills, availability, relocation preferences, acceptable travel percentage, salary history, work history, references and job type categories. Should you experience trouble please feel free to contact us directly at 813-286-7860.
Software Development and Operations EngineerReporting to the Director of Software Engineering and working with teams of peers in multiple locations, you will be responsible for leveraging automation, scripting and multiple tool sets to support and advance Tripp Lites Software Engineering department. You will also be responsible for managing the departments infrastructure and systems administration, and communicate with all team members to achieve prioritized goals. You will be working with a team of motivated, high-powered professionals in a dynamic environment where flexibility, hard work, and superior results are the norm.ResponsibilitiesThe specific focus for the DevOps Engineer is on automation and optimization of the development management lifecycle, including:Establish continuous integration (CI) pipeline to fully automate build and deployment of the applications that support Tripp Lites productsCreate scripts and templates to build development systems for our software engineersBuild tools for deployment, monitoring and operations. Troubleshoot and resolve issues in our development, test and production environments.Design, manage, and maintain tools to automate software development processesCreate self-service capabilities for developers to write and manage software servicesResearch new technologies that will improve efficiency and effectivenessIntegrate infrastructure builds with application deployment processesDocument procedures and processesOther tasks as assignedQualifications:Source, build/release, and configuration management in a continuous integration and delivery environmentStrong background in networking concepts, communications protocols, and troubleshooting.Strong working knowledge of VMWare and Windows.Strong background in Linux/Unix administration and scriptingExperience with automation and configuration management using Docker, Jenkins, Bamboo, or an equivalentStrong working knowledge of source code control systems, including SVN and GIT.Software process automation with popular scripting languages (bash, Python, and/or Node.js)Working knowledge of SQL, and experience using a wide range of open source technologies.Experience developing code in at least one high-level programming languageExperience in automation and testing via scripting/programmingUnderstanding of Agile and other development processes and methodologiesAbility to work independently or as a member on a development team.Excellent verbal and written English skillsExperience:5+ years working in DevOps, software development, or network management2+ years experience provisioning, operating, and managing CI environmentsBachelor's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent
Front End EngineerThe Business Entity The Core Software Group (CSG) has the charter for all Platform Independent and Platform Dependent software development across Switching (for data center, campus core and campus access), wireless, network services, routing, optical software and Enterprise routing and cable access. CSG is creating unprecedented customer value by providing cohesive and innovative software, platforms and solutions for Cisco's core networking customers. Who You'll Work With You will work directly with senior executives, architects and a cohesive group of high performing - platform, big data and analytics engineers, UI/UX Leads and QA Leads. You will engage with multiple teams across the Engineering, IT and Support orgs at senior levels on an ongoing basis. What You'll Do * Hands-on development and write code, prototype reference architectures, build base / core modules for the platform front end using cutting edge technology stack  * Research on trending and potential future technologies and bring them in to advance the DNA Platform  * Evaluate current state (data and platform front end architectures) and identify incremental opportunities to improve our performance, efficiency and scale  * Strengthen the direction of the team in picking the correct tool / technology  * Help solve some of our business’ most critical visual technical challenges, provide simple solutions to complex visual and usability challenges  * Work on a platform and product engineering mindset within the team  * Help translate high level requirements to actionable tasks / deliverables  * Work along with UX, product management and leadership teams, as the frontend / application engineering team member Who You Are The ideal candidate must enjoy working in a fast-paced dynamic environment with a “take-charge” / “can-do” attitude and is able to demonstrate flexibility and resiliency. Work with geographically distributed teams across different time zones. As a key engineering team member, tag along core group of engineers, senior leadership, product management and customers to deliver cutting edge systems and platforms. You will design, develop and deploy the face of one of the largest and most complex data / integration platforms and solve one of the most challenging scaling requirements that is deployed on the cloud as well as on-prem. Minimum Qualifications: * Bachelor's degree (Master’s a Plus) in engineering/computer science with an overall work experience of 5+ years with considerable software and platform development skills.  * Solid understanding of very large scale, high performance, real-time, cloud agnostic platforms and solutions  * Distinguish pros and cons of competing technology stacks and clearly articulate and recommend best suited solutions.  * Experience in Reactive Programming methodology, built application platforms and frontend platforms that gets utilized by external developers and apps.  * Expertise in building modular, componentized, metadata driven visual components that clearly demonstrate their server-side and client-side responsibilities and capabilities  * Proficiency in skills in NodeJS, React/Redux/Angular/JavaScript/HTML/CSS, MongoDB  * Experience in multi-tenant system design, cloud and container based deployments, API Gateways, integrations and workflows  * Strong verbal and written / documentation / presentation skills Pluses: * Product engineering experience  * Be highly flexible and adaptable and demonstrate passion for platform development Why CiscoWe connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with rare personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco.  Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  #LI-RS1  #DICEDEV
 BootCamp Device Driver Software Engineer Job Number: 113448670Santa Clara Valley, California, United StatesPosted: Jan. 30, 2018Weekly Hours: 40.00 Job SummaryBoot Camp is the software that allows Macintosh users to install and use Microsoft Windows 10 Operating System on their Apple Macintosh computer. It consists of device driver software, Windows services, a Windows installer program, and a Mac OS X application that allows end users to configure Boot Camp and install Microsoft Windows 10. The Boot Camp team is a dynamic and exciting place to work. If you have an interest in both Mac OS X and Windows, then this is the place for you.Key Qualifications As a key member of the Engineering team, you must have 3-5+ years’ experience developing system level software for Microsoft Windows OS.The successful candidate will also have in depth experience in several of the following:Developing commercial low level software using Visual Studio and Microsoft C/C++WDF and KMDF or UMDF driver developmentDebugging with WinDbgMSI technology or other installation softwareDeveloping OS Installation system services for new hardwareWindows 10 infrastructure or architectureTest driven developmentUsing the Windows HLK to qualify WHQL certified device driversMacOS, AppleTV or iPhone development experience with Objective-C is an advantage but not a requirement DescriptionWe have an opportunity for an experienced Microsoft Windows systems software engineer to join our team. This position will be responsible for designing and building device driver, WHQL certifying drivers and building installation software that supports Macintosh hardware running Windows. Candidate must be motivated to work in a fast-paced environment to design and implement new software in this role. Strong Windows debugging skills is a must. Experience with writing installers using MSI technology would be a plus.EducationA minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science, or equivalent industrial experience, is required.Additional RequirementsWe are a team based environment, candidates should have demonstrated skills in the following areas:  Clear communication and documentation skills  Ability to deliver quality work under tight schedules  Must be self-directed, analytical and work well in a team environment  Demonstrated ability to balance several high-priority tasks
 Apple Maps is front and center on hundreds of millions of devices, and our Maps Infrastructure Team designs and builds the platforms that power them all. Our team creates and delivers solutions which enable large-scale continuous data transformation and delivery, global data distribution and release management solutions which ultimately enhance Apple's users.  Were looking for exceptional engineers that thrive when working at the intersection of development, operations, data, and systems engineering. We love what we do, and are looking for developers to join out team who have a passion for infrastructure development and who want to build creative solutions which solve many technical needs.  Key Qualifications: Experience designing, building, deploying, and maintaining large-scale web applications using Ruby on Rails or SinatraExperience working with database servers and data stores like Postgresql and RedisExperience with common testing frameworks like Rspec or MiniTestPassionate about UI/UX even when building web applications for internal customers - Exposure to HTML, JavaScript, or CSS would be a plus.Experience with the tools and processes that large web applications depend on (e.g. job processing)Experience with complex shell scripting and unix environment in generalExcellent communication skills - you will have the opportunity to work with many different people from across Apple's org on a daily basisProven experience automating large scale services or infrastructure processes  Description: The Maps Data Team continuously produces the core data that powers all of the Maps backend services. Our team is responsible for building the tools, infrastructure, and processes that enable continuous movement of that data from the source, through service-specific transformations (e.g. build a search index), to development, test, staging environments, and ultimately on to customer devices. Our applications interact with and control complex distributed systems and very large data sets while providing interfaces, processes, and workflows that abstract complexity away for our users. Since we provide core infrastructure solutions for our whole org, you will have the opportunity to interact with nearly every other Maps Team here at Apple.  Every day, we create solutions which make our web services, virtualization, and continuous integration easily and rapidly available to our teams. We are eager to experiment, and are always looking for ways to make our products better.  Education:  BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience  Additional Requirements:  While not required, if you have exposure to any of the following tools, you may find our role even more exciting:  CSS, HTML, JavaScript, Shell scripting, Sinatra, Resque, JQuery, RSpec, HAML, Vim, GitHub, Bootstrap, tmux, Postgresql, Redis, Elm/Ember/React, Hadoop, Node, Go, Lua, or Swift  Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Position SummaryPlimoth Plantation seeks a motivated self-starter to be part of a small but energetic team in a fast-paced cultural organization. This individual will primarily provide database support (Blackbaud/Raisers Edge) as well as exceptional organizational skills to the Development Office. The successful candidate will be someone willing to work on a wide range of tasks.The ability to motivate prospective donors and members is important, as are communication and interpersonal skills. The successful candidate will be required to meet predetermined goals under specific deadlines.Major ResponsibilitiesPrimary Responsibility: Accurately maintain and manage the Museum’s donor database and paper files.Accurately prepare reports for the Development Director and the finance department relative to membership retention as well as individual giving (by campaign).Continuously identify sources of potential membership and donor support through use of appropriate lists and other sources.Research, identify and assist with cultivation of membership prospects including (but not limited to) individuals, foundations, and corporations.Update database with member/donor information in a timely manner.Maintain the development department (internal) project calendar, distribute at weekly team meetings.Assist the Membership and Annual Fund Manager in the management of the Library and individual membership program, including regular monthly renewals and follow up communications, lapsed member and new member campaigns, member events, membership cards, recognition and stewardship requirements.Manage critical administrative functions such as online giving, equipment use, supplies and inventory and prospect profiles.Assist with all department mailings as needed.Create and run queries for event mailings, maintain and organize donor and member lists for meetings and events, create labels and provide database event support.Work with the Membership and Annual Fund Manager on the creation of a monthly membership e-news blast as well as invitations to member exclusive events and lectures.Work closely with the Director of Development to ensure that all donors are appropriately recognized in the annual report for the Museum, as well as online and in printed and digital materials.Assist with filing, ordering office supplies and maintaining a supply inventory.Under the guidance of the Membership and Annual Fund Manager, delegate and oversee tasks for weekly/monthly departmental volunteers.Assist with the coordination of Plimoth Plantation’s annual fund and membership drives, as well as all activities related to the solicitation, documentation, and acknowledgement of gifts to the museum.Other duties as assignedQualifications and SkillsBachelor’s degree required and minimum four years of successful work experience in fund-raising.Accurate data entry skills; proficiency with Microsoft Suite and donor research software: specialized training in donor management software, Raisers Edge, is required.Proven ability to complete complex tasks accurately and in a timely manner;Ability to maintain confidentiality; and work effectively with a wide range of constituencies.Superb listening skills, outgoing and personable. Relationship-building abilities a must.Ability to work independently and achieve objectives.Outstanding oral and written communication skillsProven track record of thriving in a data-driven envirorment, strong analytical and mathematical skills are needed.Keen attention to details. Exceptionally well organized and able to handle a variety of tasks and shifting priorities simultaneously.Excellent written and verbal communication skills are required.Must consistently demonstrate discretion and a professional, positive attitude with all people. Must occasionally be able to work nights and/or weekend days and evenings as needed for departmental priorities such as annual gala.Comfortable working in a collaborative team environment.
 MiTek® USA Inc., a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, Inc. is the world's leading supplier of state-of-the-art, engineered connector products, engineering services, and computer-driven machinery for the building component industry. We provide the industry's most advanced, most comprehensive, and most innovative software for design and manufacturing. Our products and services are backed up by a team of industry professionals who are dedicated to one goal – making our customers successful. BuilderMT and Sales Simplicity are leading providers of ERP and Sales Automation solutions in the Homebuilding Industry and are looking for a Sales Professional that has a proven track record of exceeding or maintaining quota and is well versed in closing and negotiating. The Sales Manager will be first responsible for learning the products and modules in the role of inside sales and participating in all outside sales presentations.Required SkillsESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:Create and maintain a positive relationship with prospects and new customers.Keep track of Forecast and understand where the customer or prospects are in the sales cycle.Proactively contact the customer base via telephone at least twice per year to check on new use or modules needs.Request and compile customer reference lettersOrganize Webinars to introduce new modules and update customers on the new happenings at BuilderMTCommunicate with Professional Services when training or consulting is necessary.Resolve customer complaints by investigating problems, developing solutions and making recommendations to managementKeep customer database (Parature) updatedKeep prospect database (CRM) updatedReach out to off-plan customers and try and get them back on Maintenance and Support planManage, train and keep accountable the Business Partner channel with new product offerings such as Builder Portal, Models and Options Manager, as well as our 3rd party offerings.Properly handle the New Customer Processes and Handoffwith Professional Services.SKILLS & ABILITIES:Education: Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university, or combination of an Associates degree and over five years of enterprise software sales experience, selling into large accounts with a multiple phased sales cycle, selling at the C level.Experience: Five years of enterprise software sales experience, selling into large accounts with a multiple phased sales cycle, selling at the C level.Other Requirements:Preferred location would be in the Greenwood Village, Colorado location or the Chandler, Arizona location. However, this position can be a remote position for the right candidate. Required ExperienceMiTek is an E-Verify and Drug and Tobacco-Free Workplace We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Job Location  Chandler, US-AZ 
GRADUATE FULL-TIME SOFTWARE ENGINEER: Are you someone who is passionate about challenging the status quo?  Do you enjoy the process of problem solving, a process where you recognize areas of improvement and iterate and innovate to improve? Does your curiosity and desire to learn drive you? ROLE OVERVIEW: If so, then join IMC as a Software Engineer! Why? Because here you‘ll not simply write software or design technology. You will be responsible for spotting new opportunities, developing new technologies and solving problems. As a result, your development skills will enable you to actually deliver results and make a difference. IMC knows that having the best software is what drives our business. Software development here is innovative, pragmatic and fun, even as complexity grows. We are looking for talented Software Engineers who will drive the development of cutting-edge trading algorithms to further our business.  How We Work Agile software development with continuous integration and deliveryFrequent peer code reviewsCollaborative cross-functional culture with emphasis on continuous improvement and innovationLocal autonomy with global input and best practices Your First Six Months  You will start your career at IMC with an international traineeship, in at least two of our global offices, after which you will be mentored by one of our seasoned Software Engineers. On a day to day basis you will work directly with traders, quants and other engineers to bring our trading strategies and platform to the next level. Your responsibility does not stop at programming; it also encompasses knowledge building of our trading platform and software stack and building expertise within the entire software development lifecycle. You will have continuous opportunities to learn new technologies and programming languages in our dynamic environment. At IMC, we foster a supportive environment allowing you the freedom to contribute and assume real responsibility, even on day one. WHAT WE LOOK FOR:BA/BSc/MA/MSc in Engineering, Computer Science with a minimum 3.0 GPAStrong analytical skills and desire to solve complicated problems programmaticallyMust have strong knowledge of algorithms and data structuresMust have proficient experience in a programming language (Java or C++ preferred)Willingness to interact and work closely with non-engineers in a constantly changing environmentInterest in the Financial Markets; previous knowledge is NOT requiredIMC OVERVIEW: IMC Financial Markets is among the world’s leading proprietary trading firms, and a market maker in securities listed on exchanges across the globe. Our cutting-edge technology drives everything we do. High performance algorithms, smart strategies and collaborative teams are the core of our business.  Today, IMC Financial Markets is 500+ people working together to build software and trade financial products in our offices in Amsterdam, Chicago and Sydney. What does this mean for you? The chance to join a multi-national, multi-cultural team of exceptional individuals, focused on making IMC the world’s best trading firm.
Principal Software Engineer or Senior Software Engineer with ASP.NET MVC Experience Electrotek Concepts has an immediate need for a senior software engineer for building engineering database applications that can be queried via web browsers. This Contract position is located in our Cummings Center office in Beverly, Massachusetts. Electrotek is a leading power systems engineering consulting firm. We analyze, measure, simulate, and solve electric power systems problems and provide training on power quality and power system topics. Our customers include electric power utilities, commercial & industrial energy users, and research companies. We develop and maintain PQView®, which is the industry's leading enterprise software for power quality monitoring analysis & reporting and automatic fault location. We also commercialize a suite of power quality and energy efficiency analysis tools for electric power transmission and distribution systems known as PQSoft®.  Required Skills 3-5 years experience building web applications using the Microsoft ASP.NET MVC Framework3-5 years experience developing web applications with C# and SQL databasesExperience with responsive design and development using Bootstrap or similar layout frameworksExperience with Visual Studio 2008 - 2015Experience implementing web services in a service-oriented architecture (SOA)Experience integrating JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery UI, and jQuery Mobile libraries into web pagesExperience with source control applications such as Vault, TFS, SVN, or Visual SourceSafeAbility to work both independently and in a group environmentBachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, electrical engineering, or comparable degree Desired Skills Experience with SQL Server 2008/2012/2014Entity Framework or other ORM experienceWeb API, WCF, or RESTful web service development experienceExperience with the new .Net Core 1.0Experience with C/C++ considered a plusExperience building WiX installation packages considered a plusExperience with electric power systems, power quality monitors, or energy meters considered a plusExperience in direct interaction with customers to help resolve technical issues is considered a plusAbout our Business and LocationBeverly, MassachusettsBe part of a team working on an industry leading software productHave the ability to make a real difference on a very focused software teamCasual, but yet professional, work environmentSign on bonus18 miles North of Boston in the Cummings CenterEasy Access to Routes US-1 and I-95One Mile from Route 128 at Routes 1A and 62On-Site MBTA/CATA Bus Stop Nearby Commuter Rail at Beverly Depot  Cummings Center Amenities: Dedicated Bicycle Storage, Free Daytime Open and Covered Parking, Six Restaurants and Coffee Shops, Full-Service Fitness Facilities, On-Site Childcare Providers (Dog Day Care, too!), U.S. Post Office, Dry Cleaners, Hair Salons, Barbershops, Spas & More, Two Banks, Many Professional and Healthcare Providers, Waterfront Nature Trails, Picnic Areas, Parks and Two Scenic Ponds Please submit your resume in confidence, as well as salary history, toemployment@electrotek.com.EOE M/F/D/V
 TechCanary Corporation is seeking highly-qualified and experienced Software Developers with can-do attitudes and the ability to work as part of a team for a growing start-up to fill multiple positions. The developer will work on and preferably have prior experience with the Salesforce platform. THE 411 ON TECHCANARY TechCanary is a dynamic software company that is dramatically changing the way insurance agents do business. Founded in 2013 with corporate headquarters in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, TechCanary brings the world’s #1 CRM solution to the insurance industry by delivering a full-featured Agency Management System (AMS) built into the Salesforce.com platform.  Agents can now conduct business anytime, anywhere and on any device. In addition to managing their business, TechCanary enables them to focus on managing their growth. Many of the cumbersome and costly manual steps required today for agents to run their agency on legacy software solutions are replaced by an automated, streamlined, and flexible cloud-based methodology. Through the TechCanary solution, agents will realize dramatic operational efficiency gains and cost reductions, as well as a resultant increase in revenue and income.  Recognized as the #5 of 50 fastest-growing companies in the Milwaukee Region in 2016, we're growing and will soon move into our new downtown digs just steps from the Milwaukee Bucks' new arena. If you think outside the “cage," want to use your creative skills with a growing team, and help get in on the ground floor on a company poised for growth, fly with The Flock at TechCanary. THE VIEW FROM THE TOP Under general supervision of the Engineering Manager, this position is responsible for the overall development, configuration and operation of TechCanary’s Insurance Platform, which is an insurance industry solution built into the Salesforce platform that brings a refreshing and dramatic improvement to the tools available to insurance agents to run and grow their business. This position will perform development of new features and functionality, testing, implementation, documentation, and updating tasks. THE NITTY GRITTY (What will you actually be doing?)Manage special projects as assignedDevelop and maintain Visualforce, AppExchange, Force.com and integration with other third-party solutionsDesign, code, test, debug, package and deploy solutions on the Salesforce platformRoutinely review code, configuration, data and usage to ensure long-term viability and integrity.Make suggestions and recommendations for modifications and enhancements for system and process improvement and efficiencyWork closely with the Customer Success & Product Teams to ensure clients’ needs are being met and that any gaps in service and satisfaction are minimizedWork closely with senior management (including CEO) to ensure successCANARY COMPETENCIES (What you already bring to the table and what you can expect to be competent in after successful onboarding)Extensive knowledge of and hands-on experience with APEX and Visualforce developmentStrong ability to use Salesforce APIs to integrate Salesforce with other toolsSkill in using and experience with Force.com migration toolKnowledge of the insurance industryAbility to work independently and involve supervisor as neededAbility to manage multiple projects, meet deadlines and communicate status updatesAbility to remain calm under pressureProficient skills and ability to problem solveAbility to be a team player and to interact with senior management/C-level executivesSolid knowledge of and experience working with web technologies such as HTTP, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML, DHTML, CSSConsiderable skill in using object-oriented programming language, such as Java, C#, C++, etc.Strong attention to detailEffective written and oral communication skillsAbility to learn new skills and develop self to stay on top of trends and changes in the industryAbility to work in a fun environment that is developing, rapidly changing and still determining its cultureTHE CANARY CAGE This job operates in an office environment and routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers (ummm, DUH!), phones, copiers/scanners and various online tools (Double DUH!). MUSCLES USED While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit for prolonged periods and use computers for the super majority of time (doesn’t that go without saying?). CANARY MIGRATIONS This bird doesn’t fly too far out of the cage, but you may be required to spread those wings and fly minimally to conferences or for other business. WHAT’S THE DEALIO This is a full-time position with an expectation of 40 or more hours of work per week. CANARY COMP Competitive salary negotiable based on experience. Fringe benefits, including retirement, insurance and paid time off, also included. MUST HAVESMinimum of 2 years of software development experience (Java, C#) and web application development experience (HTML, JavaScript, CSS)Enjoyment working with people, understanding their needs and solving problemsHard-working and flexible team playerProactive, highly-motivated and results-driving individualNICE TO HAVESMinimum of 2 years of experience with technical implementation, day-to-day operations and long-term maintenance of SalesforceMinimum of 2 years of Force.com development with a strong focus on and proficiency with Apex and VisualforceKnowledge of the insurance industry a plusExperience with jQuery and AngularJS a plusExperience with Agile development practices a plusBachelor’s degree in related field a plus, but not requiredWHAT YOU CAN EXPECT OF USA team-oriented, supportive environmentAn open-minded office that values contributions from all playersFree snacks!A relaxed and fun work environmentTeam-building and social eventsFree snacks!Challenging workDevelopment opportunitiesA pretty snazzy benefits package on par with the big dogsDid we mention…free snacks?! That’s Snacks on Snacks on Snacks!INTEREST PIQUED? READY TO LEARN MORE? Then let’s go. Click that handy dandy Apply box.
 What You'll Do You’re extremely motivated Software Engineer and passionate about learning and contributing to the team and the business with "can do" attitude.  o Strong design/programming ethic. Knowledge of designing large-scale systems in C/C++ environments is helpful.  o Dedication to Quality: Ability to ensure and commit to a higher standard of quality than usual in the face of time to market pressures.  o Strong OS fundamentals and networking concepts is a requirement.  o In-depth experience in designing networking systems with L2, L3 and multicast background Responsibilities: Participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation Campus switching architectures. Define, architect, design, and deliver new software and features for the Campus switching platforms  Day to day activities will involve building new features, understanding features in a competitive product and proposing solutions that work for our platform, writing functional and design specifications, programming, unit and integration testing your code, helping review specifications and code for other software engineers in the team, helping documentation team with the configuration aspects of your feature. Who You'll Work With The Wireless Networking Group (WNG) is the industry leader in enterprise WLAN with a proven track record in building innovative wireless solutions. We are looking for passionate and dedicated Embedded Linux savvy programmers to form the core of a new team delivering service provide features for a key segment of wireless customers.  Do you enjoy spearheading innovation through personal initiative? Would it excite you to be part of a highly motivated best of breed engineering team who is redefining and refreshing the software portfolio for Cisco's Wireless access points? Would you like to challenge yourself in driving a key technology transition in the Wireless Industry while working the market leader? Would you cherish to develop code using the most modern development methods using a test driven development focus? Can you demonstrates the ability to develop software with a system-level focus while understanding the impact of every component, work with minimal supervision, collaborate with a cross-functional team and leverages technical knowledge and project management experience to accomplish the goals. Who You Are o You are a Software engineer with 5+ years of experience with BS/MS in computer systems, software and architecture.  o Expertise in 802.11 a, b/g, n protocols  o Understanding of LAN/WAN routing/switching and other network layer protocols  o You possess the aptitude to multi-task in fast-paced environment  o You have at least 3 years of Linux embedded development experience  o You are good with writing distributed platform and system software  o You are desired to have experienced with board bringup, writing and debugging device drivers  o Deep understanding of Linux and network resource management  o You are an excellent C programmer and possess strong analytical and logical solving skills  o You have experience with CPU/Memory Management/IO and Virtualization technologies  o You have a deep expertise of the network protocol stack, including L2 switching and IP Routing, TCP/IP  o Prefer strong skills in Python/Perl scripting Desired Skills: o Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, good teammate  You should be able to own large portions of the software from a technical perspective  o Handle multiple tasks at once and work independently with minimal managerial mentorship.  Have experience in customer deployment.  o Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  o Strong team building skills. This role requires the ability to work across departments and with other teams  o Be open to continuous learning and committed to ongoing self-improvement.*LI-RS1
WearenowlookingforaDeepLearningSoftwareEngineeringManager: NVIDIA is hiring a Deep Learning Software Manager for its Self Driving Car Deep Learning team. Academic and commercial groups around the world are powering a revolution in artificial intelligence using deep learning techniques running on NVIDIA GPUs, enabling breakthroughs in problems from image classification to speech recognition to natural language processing.  Intelligent machines powered by AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car powered by AI can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an extraordinary time. The era of AI has begun. What you’ll be doing:Leading and providing technical direction to a diverse team of deep learning engineering talentInventing and applying state of the art deep learning algorithms to solve problems related to building autonomous vehicles.Work on object detection, classification and segmentation based on images, radar and lidar data.Interaction with various internal product and research teams contributing toward building a self driving car software solution as well as partners and customersWhat we need to see:You should have at least 3 years experience in a technical management position and have successfully shipped product.Ability to manage and technically direct a team of applied researchers and engineers, define project goals and scope, and coordinate multiple development efforts.Deep expertise in deep learning algorithms, machine learning, or nonlinear optimization.Excellent programming, software design, and testing skills in Python, C++, or similar languagesMasters or PhD or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Applied Math, or related field. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Experience with deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, CNTK, Caffe, Torch, or Theano, especially for computer visionParticipation in deep learning competitions where you finished in the top 5Experience with data-parallel and/or accelerated computing (CUDA, OpenCL)Experience with embedded architectures, including DSP and hardware accelerators ​​#deeplearning  We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer
BoldIQ Quality ManagerBoldIQ provides revolutionary dynamic, real-time optimization software solutions. In a nutshell, our software automatically manages and optimally schedules our customers’ resources (assets and people) in real-time. With our software, our customers can make informed, integrated, and intelligent decisions in real-time, all the time. We free up to 30% of our customers’ resources and at the same time reduce their operating costs by up to 25%.We are looking for a driven and dedicated Software QA manager with hands on software development experience to be a leader in QA and manage a team of Software Engineers.  In this role, you will be responsible for planning and driving execution of quality plans for multiple simultaneous development initiatives for both boxed products as well as cloud services with continues deployments. Your ability to work closely with development teams, to identify and understand key features and their underlying functionality, will be the key to your success. You will be required to produce a clear and concise picture of product quality for the projects, from concept to releases. You will be working closely with other QA and engineering team members to help coordinate cross-functional quality efforts. Your capacity for defining and hiring a world-class QA team is vital. Your ongoing curiosity and commitment to self-education in technologies as well as new testing techniques is what will set you apart.  Responsibilities: Manage and grow a team of Software Engineers responsible for e2e scenario testing, builds and deployment, health monitoring of live services, validation and test frameworks, perf, stress, scalability, product and service analysis and reporting.Define what is critical to quality, quality metrics and measure qualityDesign, develop, and execute test plans part of the software development lifecycle.Work with the team to improve quality throughout the software development lifecycle. Requirements: Bachelors in computer science with 5+ years of industry experience in software quality assurance, with an emphasis on the build-out of test automation. MS in computer science an advantage.Experience shipping multiple releases of software products.Proven leadership skills.Strong programming skills, preferably in C# and experience working with .Net deployed software.Capacity for excelling in ambiguity and continuous change.Passion for learning quickly in a fast-paced environment and handling multiple tasks simultaneously.Passion for customer excellence.Excellent communication skills.Ability to manage time effectively and prioritize competing responsibilities.Self-motivation, resourcefulness and independent action.An inherent drive to solve problems, collaborate with others and mentor team members. Compensation:  Salary is competitive based on experience and/or qualifications. BoldIQ provides a complete compensation package including stock options, health insurance benefits, and retirement savings plan matching.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply

Job DescriptionSTART AND END DATES FOR THIS INTERNSHIP ARE SPRING 2018 (6 Months), SUMMER 2018 (3 Months) and FALL 2018 (6 Months) At IBM we have an amazing opportunity to transform the world with cognitive technology. By using the vast amounts of information available today to identify new patterns and make new discoveries, we are helping cities become smarter, hospitals transform patient care, financial institutions minimize risk, and pharmaceuticals find cures for rare diseases. Join the forward-thinking teams at IBM solving some of the worlds most complex problems there is no better place to grow your career!  Software Developer Interns at IBM can work in a variety of areas. As such, you might be involved in any of these specialties: Backend, Server Systems, or Cloud-Based Development Design and code servers, services, applications and databases that are reusable, scalable and meet critical architecture goals. Create Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) that are clean, well-documented, and easy to use. Create and configure Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) applications. Design and implement large scale systems and Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) that enable continuous delivery.Client-Facing Assistance and Solution Development Own the customer experience by solving complex business problems for the world's leading clients. Work directly with the customer to understand and troubleshoot issues, collect data, elicit detailed requirements, then design and implement innovative solutions across multiple industries and sectors, as well as governments and agencies.Automation Development and Testing Enable continuous deployment and availability by designing, developing and creating automated frameworks, processes and test cases based on functional and non-functional requirements. Build and manage testing environments, assisting in debugging application issues.Firmware Development Work with industry experts to design, develop and test fast and efficient software that directly manages and controls the hardware. Firmware may exist anywhere in a computing system from the central computing complex to management consoles, power supplies, and I/O adapters.Front End Development Create high-quality web and mobile apps containing rich content and user interface components by working closely with user experience designers to take wireframes and mockups from conception to implementation. Identify specific issues in the user interface, recommending and implementing solutions that influence and improve the design of products that provide a delightful user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability.Full Stack Development Work across the entire system architecture, from backend to front end, to design, develop, and support high quality and scalable products. Create everything from mockups and UI components to algorithms and data structures as you deliver a complete minimally viable product. Software Developer Interns are in demand across IBM's growth areas. You'll be matched and deployed to a development team in a strategic business, based on your offered location and fit. These are office-based positions in IBM locations including:  AZ - Phoenix  CA - Almaden, Costa Mesa, Emeryville, Foster City, Redwood, City, San Francisco, San Jose  CO - Denver  GA - Atlanta  MA - Andover, Cambridge, Littleton  MN - Rochester  NC - Raleigh-Durham  NY - New York City, North Castle, Poughkeepsie, Yorktown Heights  OH - Cleveland, Dublin, Hartland  OR - Hillsboro  PA - Blue Bell, Pittsburgh  TX - Austin, Dallas  VT - Essex Junction Opportunities in these locations will vary based on business demand. What Youll Do:Youll work in an Agile, collaborative environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our highly valued customers.Youll employ IBMs Design Thinking to create products that provide a great user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability.Youll work with a variety of relational databases (SQL, Postgres, DB2, MongoDB), operating systems (Linux, Windows, iOS, Android), and modern UI frameworks (Backbone.js, AngularJS, React, Ember.js, Bootstrap, Node.js, and JQuery).Who You Are:You are highly motivated and have a passion for creating and supporting great products.You thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills.You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues.You have a basic understanding of software development and programming in a language such as Java, Javascript, C, C++, or Python. Required Technical and Professional Expertise Must have basic knowledge in one of the following technology areas: Java, Javascript, C, C++, or Python Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Willing to travel up to 10%Bachelors or Masters Degree EO Statement  IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
Auto req ID 2355BR Posting Title Software Engineer Job Category Engineering City Independence State Missouri Alternative Work Location Independence, MO Company Description Progress Rail, a wholly owned subsidiary of Caterpillar Inc., is a total solutions provider of rolling stock and infrastructure products and services. We are a premier employer within the global rail industry, with products and services represented in over 100 countries around the world. With headquarters in Albertville, AL, more than 8,000 employees serve customers through a network of close to 200 worldwide locations, and as one of the most trusted providers of locomotive, freight car, transit, track and signal solutions, we are continually expanding our footprint.  Becoming a part of the team means becoming a part of a rich heritage and a bright future in our global marketplace. Our goal is to recruit, hire and develop a skilled workforce to meet the challenges of the future. Within Progress Rail, there exists a wide range of rewarding assignments and career paths. Our greatest strength and advantage in the marketplace is our commitment to create value for and serve our customers with the best team.  For more information, visit www.progressrail.com or follow us on twitter @Progress_Rail. Job Purpose Progress Rail Services Corporation, a Caterpillar Company and a leading provider of services to the Railroad industry in the US, Canada, Mexico, and Brazil, seeks a Software Engineer at our facility in Independence, MO.  The successful candidate is responsible for Windows and embedded software application solutions for our Carborne Event Recorder product line. This position will works closely with product management and engineering in requirements gathering and software design and development. Organizational skills and the ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment are a must. Key Job Elements • Coordinating and defining requirements and application design from product management and field engineering; Development, testing and deployment of product executive software in a Windows based development environment;Managing the development of product & software documentation;Software configuration management and workflows;Troubleshoot remote hardware and software issues. Education / Training • Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent experience. Qualifications and Experience • 3 to 5 years’ experience in a Windows XP/7/10 software development environments; Knowledge of C++, C#, .NET, SQL, and database management tools;Experience in Visual Studio required;Experience with Linux/QNX preferred but, not required;Candidate must have initiative and a driven, high-performance work ethic;Candidate must work well in a high-energy team environment;Solid communication skills. Benefits Progress Rail Services Corporation and its subsidiary and affiliate companies offer an excellent total compensation package* including competitive salary, 401(k) plan with company match, available medical/dental/life/disability insurance coverage and paid vacation and holidays. Relocation assistance may be available for some positions. Benefits eligibility differs by job position and employment status - governing plan documents control such benefits.. EEO Equal Opportunity Employer – Race/Color/Sex/Religion/National Origin/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Vets/Disabilities
 HomeWorks Energy is looking for a Software Developer who is hard-working, analytical, and is excited by the idea of owning the development of a new platform. You will be helping design and implement a platform we are creating to help us best help our customers. If you enjoy working on a small team, care about the environment, and have a passion for developing maintainable and beautiful code, please apply! Primary Responsibilities, varying by project:Design and develop new features for our new platform as well as internal toolsConsult with internal teams to define technical requirement, capabilities and guide architectural decisionsWrite modular code that can be effectively used in future development workSkills and Requirements:Strong knowledge of Cloud based solutionsExperience in AWS tools like Lambda, S3, API Gateway, EC2, RDS, etc..Back end development in Node.js, Python, Go or whatever language you think is most suitableExperience with working with a front end framework (Ember, React, Angular)Good understanding of underlying concepts including async JavaScript/ callbacks, JSON, XML, HTTP requestsKnowledge of best practices in web developmentWillingness to constantly learn new technologiesOpen to code reviews and pair programmingAbility to handle changing priorities, manage multiple tasks and work within tight timeframes and deadlinesDesire to take complete ownership of assigned projectsBenefits:Career development and advancement opportunitiesMedical and Health BenefitsVision BenefitsDental BenefitsPaid Time Off401K with company match
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and theres no telling what you could accomplish. The iCloud Team is looking for a quality assurance engineer to join our group. Responsibilities include automation, regression, ad-hoc and functional testing of server components focusing on the CloudKit area within iCloud; interacting with Mac OSX, iOS, and icloud.com.Key Qualifications: •Comfortable and adaptable in a high-paced and informal environment •Creative thinker and problem solver •Strong analytical, investigative and debugging skills •Excellent verbal and written communication skills •Passion for the protection of the integrity of critical customer data •Strong commitment to technical quality assurance as a key part of the development cycle •Willingness to work cross-functionally with other teams •Ability to work without a large amount of guidance or documentationDescription: Primary duties Automation of services using a proprietary framework which simulates human user interaction with iOS devices/Macs/Web services and Windows. Coding for this framework is in Swift. This position requires working closely with other teams to get specs and minimal guidance, and then working autonomously to create test plans and then automate them. This position also requires occasional hand-on testing using devices and Macs directly to accomplish testing needs. This position requires a self-motivated individual with strong technical and communication skills who can contribute in a team environment.Education: BS EE/CE/CS or equivalent; QA experienceAdditional Requirements: * Experience or knowledge of the iCloud suite of applications. * Experience or knowledge of macOS, iOS, and Windows operating systems * Comfortable in a command line environment and Xcode experience * Proficiency in one or more programming languages, ideally Swift, and knowledge of Xcode * Experience with test automation frameworks for iOS (XCTest, XCTestUI) * BS or equivalent in Computer Science Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
 The Development Manager will be responsible for overall management of medium to large scale mixed-use, hotel, tower and multi-family projects with a focus on Pro Forma, government approvals, design, layout, cost monitoring and control, schedule management, and project reporting and documentation as required. Manages projects from conception until completion. Requirements:Training/EducationBachelor’s Degree in Civil Engineering, Real Estate, Finance, or related field; Master’s degree highly preferredExperienceMinimum of five to eight (5 to 8) years of experience in the area of civil engineering, real estate development and/or construction managementDemonstrated experience in overall project planning, pro formas, design, budget creation, managing government agencies, cost monitoring and projectionDemonstrated experience managing large projects including hotel and mixed-use developmentDemonstrated knowledge of the entire development process with a high degree of knowledge and experience in hotel and mixed use developmentComputer literacy sufficient to operate Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Outlook, etc.) and other business related software such as CAD, Procore, and Sharepoint.Special RequirementsExceptional leadership, interpersonal and communication skillsExcellent organizational and time management skills including ability to multitask, prioritize and meet changing deadlinesResults oriented and solution focusedHigh level of strategic planning and“big picture” skillsHigh degree of professionalism; ability to interact and collaborate with diverse groups to achieve resultsHigh degree of accountability and ownershipExcellent judgment and decision making skillsStrong technical understanding of design and constructionExceptional negotiation and analytical skillsEssential Functions:Responsible for creating the Pro Forma and maintaining a working budget for each project including hard costs, soft costs as well as tracking those costs from project inception through completion.Responsible for executing all processes/transactions related to exploratory projects including Site Investigation, Project Description, Conceptual Plan, Market Study, Development Schedule and Pro FormaDevelop and implement consistent collaborative process that promote transparent reporting for both internal and external stakeholders.Develop and implement consistent collaborative process incorporating staged/phased investigation, validation, design, funding, and entitlement of proposed development via formal approval process with Investment CommitteeResponsible for scope development and review on a component and aggregate basis to ensure complete coverage for the entire projectParticipation in the due diligence portion of potential development projects including zoning approvals, easement acquisition, geotechnical and environmental studiesResponsible for monitoring the overall project schedule and advising senior staff regarding issues related to maintaining the critical path for completionResponsible for preparing monthly executive project summariesResponsible for preparing monthly drawsWork in conjunction with the construction contractor (internal or external) assigned to the project to ensure project planning, phasing, turnover and schedule are all executed efficiently for the maximum benefit of the projectResponsible for managing submittals and requests for information that require owner input and/or reviewResponsible for maintaining owner related records and documentation management.Work in association with Construction Project Manager(s) whether internal or third party contractorServe as point of contact between Buckingham Companies and its outside consultants, utility providers, municipalities, and zoning authoritiesCoordinate with internal resources as well as outside resources including various engineering disciplines, architectural firms, and legal entities required for each projectPrepare reports, correspondence and other administrative paperwork in a timely, professional and accurate basisActs as the owner rep on all projectsEnsure company policies, procedures and guidelines are complied with in a professional manner and are demonstrated in all oral and written communicationsWillingness to travel as dictated by projects, performance goals, job description or as directed by supervisorOther duties as assigned by supervisor
SUMMARY Assurity is looking to add multiple software development  associates to our growing team! Experience a culture with strong corporate  values and a desire to help others in a position that provides “Best in Class”  service and high standards of quality in every interaction. Under the  leadership of the Development Supervisor, the Software Developer will be  responsible for developing, testing and supporting business solutions among other  duties. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES (included but not limited to) Develop and maintain high quality  web services and applications based on user requirements.  Perform testing including  automated unit testing of applications.  Identify and work with supervisor  to recommend mitigation strategies for risks during development.  Follow and promote good design and  coding practices.  Provide communication on project/task  status clearly and effectively.  Be able to achieve deadlines and  goals while delivering excellent quality product.  Be part of an on-call rotation.  Be a team player who is willing to  learn and teach other developers and stakeholders. REQUIRED EXPERIENCE AND SKILL Minimum of 4 years of experience in  web development.  Experience with creating and  consuming JSON and XML.  Experience using RDBMS.  Experience using automated unit  tests frameworks.  Experience using repositories like  TFS, Git.  Experience working in an agile  environment.  Strong attention to details and  excellent problem solving skills.  Ability to work in a highly  energized, fast-paced, adaptive environment.  Professional oral and written  communication skills.  Talent required in values, achiever,  work intensity, resourcefulness, exactness, positivy, relationship and  influence. PREFERRED EXPERIENCE AND SKILL Experience with MVC and Web API.  Experience with object relational mapping  frameworks like Entity Framework.  Experience with scripting languages like JavaScript, AngularJS.  Experience with building for the cloud.  Experience or knowledge of SOA  pattern and REST web services.  Experience or knowledge of build  automation.  Knowledge of best practices for  the full SDLC including design patterns, coding standards, code reviews, build  processes and testing.  Experience with agile development  methodologies. EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, business  technology or related field preferred. PHYSICAL ANDWORK SCHEDULE REQUIREMENTS May  require work in excess of 40 hours a week in order to complete functions of  position.  Ability to work out of our  Lincoln, NE office.
Software DeveloperConsultis, a premier Technical Recruiting Services Company with a single focus of pairing the right candidate with the right employment opportunity is currently searching for a Software Developer for a direct hire opportunity with a local software company. Job Description The Software Developer will be responsible for managing the interchange of data between the application and the browser. Submit your resume using the apply feature on this page or feel free to email to:Email [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]Your Success is Our Success!Job Responsibilities & Essential Job Functions The Software Developer will be responsible for: Developing, testing, documenting, and deploying software in support of various business applications and products.Assisting in researching and evaluating software toolsCompleting software and processing documentation.Ability to scale an application and/or its hosting environment to support increases in traffic.Implementing content approval and staging workflows.Migrating data and scripts migration of data.Securing data or access to applications with multiple user levelsAbility to work with a template driven system with a clear separation between content and displayFollows application and scripting development best practices including architecture and scalability, executes tasks with both procedural and Object-oriented programming development techniques, and maintains familiarity with the syntax and control structures of the given language.Maintains a strong understanding of Ruby on Rails.Understands technologies and languages which power the web including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.Qualifications Should have knowledge of:  Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook FTP, DNS,WINS, VPN, Webmin, Request Tracker, SQL server, Linux systems,IPv6 software, Java systems, monitoring software, Atlassian software and development tools,virtualization software, UNIX systems,service high availability systems, and failover systems.Email [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]Your Success is Our Success!TO APPLY FOR THIS POSITION: Please apply online through Consultis' application process. This will register you into our database allowing us to better qualify and present you with opportunities. Provide as much information as possible including telephone #s, email, local address, resume, skills, availability, relocation preferences, acceptable travel percentage, salary history, work history, references and job type categories. Should you experience trouble please feel free to contact us directly at 813-286-7860.
Front End EngineerThe Business Entity The Core Software Group (CSG) has the charter for all Platform Independent and Platform Dependent software development across Switching (for data center, campus core and campus access), wireless, network services, routing, optical software and Enterprise routing and cable access. CSG is creating unprecedented customer value by providing cohesive and innovative software, platforms and solutions for Cisco's core networking customers. Who You'll Work With You will work directly with senior executives, architects and a cohesive group of high performing - platform, big data and analytics engineers, UI/UX Leads and QA Leads. You will engage with multiple teams across the Engineering, IT and Support orgs at senior levels on an ongoing basis. What You'll Do * Hands-on development and write code, prototype reference architectures, build base / core modules for the platform front end using cutting edge technology stack  * Research on trending and potential future technologies and bring them in to advance the DNA Platform  * Evaluate current state (data and platform front end architectures) and identify incremental opportunities to improve our performance, efficiency and scale  * Strengthen the direction of the team in picking the correct tool / technology  * Help solve some of our business’ most critical visual technical challenges, provide simple solutions to complex visual and usability challenges  * Work on a platform and product engineering mindset within the team  * Help translate high level requirements to actionable tasks / deliverables  * Work along with UX, product management and leadership teams, as the frontend / application engineering team member Who You Are The ideal candidate must enjoy working in a fast-paced dynamic environment with a “take-charge” / “can-do” attitude and is able to demonstrate flexibility and resiliency. Work with geographically distributed teams across different time zones. As a key engineering team member, tag along core group of engineers, senior leadership, product management and customers to deliver cutting edge systems and platforms. You will design, develop and deploy the face of one of the largest and most complex data / integration platforms and solve one of the most challenging scaling requirements that is deployed on the cloud as well as on-prem. Minimum Qualifications: * Bachelor's degree (Master’s a Plus) in engineering/computer science with an overall work experience of 5+ years with considerable software and platform development skills.  * Solid understanding of very large scale, high performance, real-time, cloud agnostic platforms and solutions  * Distinguish pros and cons of competing technology stacks and clearly articulate and recommend best suited solutions.  * Experience in Reactive Programming methodology, built application platforms and frontend platforms that gets utilized by external developers and apps.  * Expertise in building modular, componentized, metadata driven visual components that clearly demonstrate their server-side and client-side responsibilities and capabilities  * Proficiency in skills in NodeJS, React/Redux/Angular/JavaScript/HTML/CSS, MongoDB  * Experience in multi-tenant system design, cloud and container based deployments, API Gateways, integrations and workflows  * Strong verbal and written / documentation / presentation skills Pluses: * Product engineering experience  * Be highly flexible and adaptable and demonstrate passion for platform development Why CiscoWe connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with rare personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco.  Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  #LI-RS1  #DICEDEV
 Apple Maps is front and center on hundreds of millions of devices, and our Maps Infrastructure Team designs and builds the platforms that power them all. Our team creates and delivers solutions which enable large-scale continuous data transformation and delivery, global data distribution and release management solutions which ultimately enhance Apple's users.  Were looking for exceptional engineers that thrive when working at the intersection of development, operations, data, and systems engineering. We love what we do, and are looking for developers to join out team who have a passion for infrastructure development and who want to build creative solutions which solve many technical needs.  Key Qualifications: Experience designing, building, deploying, and maintaining large-scale web applications using Ruby on Rails or SinatraExperience working with database servers and data stores like Postgresql and RedisExperience with common testing frameworks like Rspec or MiniTestPassionate about UI/UX even when building web applications for internal customers - Exposure to HTML, JavaScript, or CSS would be a plus.Experience with the tools and processes that large web applications depend on (e.g. job processing)Experience with complex shell scripting and unix environment in generalExcellent communication skills - you will have the opportunity to work with many different people from across Apple's org on a daily basisProven experience automating large scale services or infrastructure processes  Description: The Maps Data Team continuously produces the core data that powers all of the Maps backend services. Our team is responsible for building the tools, infrastructure, and processes that enable continuous movement of that data from the source, through service-specific transformations (e.g. build a search index), to development, test, staging environments, and ultimately on to customer devices. Our applications interact with and control complex distributed systems and very large data sets while providing interfaces, processes, and workflows that abstract complexity away for our users. Since we provide core infrastructure solutions for our whole org, you will have the opportunity to interact with nearly every other Maps Team here at Apple.  Every day, we create solutions which make our web services, virtualization, and continuous integration easily and rapidly available to our teams. We are eager to experiment, and are always looking for ways to make our products better.  Education:  BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience  Additional Requirements:  While not required, if you have exposure to any of the following tools, you may find our role even more exciting:  CSS, HTML, JavaScript, Shell scripting, Sinatra, Resque, JQuery, RSpec, HAML, Vim, GitHub, Bootstrap, tmux, Postgresql, Redis, Elm/Ember/React, Hadoop, Node, Go, Lua, or Swift  Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
 MiTek® USA Inc., a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, Inc. is the world's leading supplier of state-of-the-art, engineered connector products, engineering services, and computer-driven machinery for the building component industry. We provide the industry's most advanced, most comprehensive, and most innovative software for design and manufacturing. Our products and services are backed up by a team of industry professionals who are dedicated to one goal – making our customers successful. BuilderMT and Sales Simplicity are leading providers of ERP and Sales Automation solutions in the Homebuilding Industry and are looking for a Sales Professional that has a proven track record of exceeding or maintaining quota and is well versed in closing and negotiating. The Sales Manager will be first responsible for learning the products and modules in the role of inside sales and participating in all outside sales presentations.Required SkillsESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:Create and maintain a positive relationship with prospects and new customers.Keep track of Forecast and understand where the customer or prospects are in the sales cycle.Proactively contact the customer base via telephone at least twice per year to check on new use or modules needs.Request and compile customer reference lettersOrganize Webinars to introduce new modules and update customers on the new happenings at BuilderMTCommunicate with Professional Services when training or consulting is necessary.Resolve customer complaints by investigating problems, developing solutions and making recommendations to managementKeep customer database (Parature) updatedKeep prospect database (CRM) updatedReach out to off-plan customers and try and get them back on Maintenance and Support planManage, train and keep accountable the Business Partner channel with new product offerings such as Builder Portal, Models and Options Manager, as well as our 3rd party offerings.Properly handle the New Customer Processes and Handoffwith Professional Services.SKILLS & ABILITIES:Education: Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university, or combination of an Associates degree and over five years of enterprise software sales experience, selling into large accounts with a multiple phased sales cycle, selling at the C level.Experience: Five years of enterprise software sales experience, selling into large accounts with a multiple phased sales cycle, selling at the C level.Other Requirements:Preferred location would be in the Greenwood Village, Colorado location or the Chandler, Arizona location. However, this position can be a remote position for the right candidate. Required ExperienceMiTek is an E-Verify and Drug and Tobacco-Free Workplace We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Job Location  Chandler, US-AZ 
GRADUATE FULL-TIME SOFTWARE ENGINEER: Are you someone who is passionate about challenging the status quo?  Do you enjoy the process of problem solving, a process where you recognize areas of improvement and iterate and innovate to improve? Does your curiosity and desire to learn drive you? ROLE OVERVIEW: If so, then join IMC as a Software Engineer! Why? Because here you‘ll not simply write software or design technology. You will be responsible for spotting new opportunities, developing new technologies and solving problems. As a result, your development skills will enable you to actually deliver results and make a difference. IMC knows that having the best software is what drives our business. Software development here is innovative, pragmatic and fun, even as complexity grows. We are looking for talented Software Engineers who will drive the development of cutting-edge trading algorithms to further our business.  How We Work Agile software development with continuous integration and deliveryFrequent peer code reviewsCollaborative cross-functional culture with emphasis on continuous improvement and innovationLocal autonomy with global input and best practices Your First Six Months  You will start your career at IMC with an international traineeship, in at least two of our global offices, after which you will be mentored by one of our seasoned Software Engineers. On a day to day basis you will work directly with traders, quants and other engineers to bring our trading strategies and platform to the next level. Your responsibility does not stop at programming; it also encompasses knowledge building of our trading platform and software stack and building expertise within the entire software development lifecycle. You will have continuous opportunities to learn new technologies and programming languages in our dynamic environment. At IMC, we foster a supportive environment allowing you the freedom to contribute and assume real responsibility, even on day one. WHAT WE LOOK FOR:BA/BSc/MA/MSc in Engineering, Computer Science with a minimum 3.0 GPAStrong analytical skills and desire to solve complicated problems programmaticallyMust have strong knowledge of algorithms and data structuresMust have proficient experience in a programming language (Java or C++ preferred)Willingness to interact and work closely with non-engineers in a constantly changing environmentInterest in the Financial Markets; previous knowledge is NOT requiredIMC OVERVIEW: IMC Financial Markets is among the world’s leading proprietary trading firms, and a market maker in securities listed on exchanges across the globe. Our cutting-edge technology drives everything we do. High performance algorithms, smart strategies and collaborative teams are the core of our business.  Today, IMC Financial Markets is 500+ people working together to build software and trade financial products in our offices in Amsterdam, Chicago and Sydney. What does this mean for you? The chance to join a multi-national, multi-cultural team of exceptional individuals, focused on making IMC the world’s best trading firm.
 TechCanary Corporation is seeking highly-qualified and experienced Software Developers with can-do attitudes and the ability to work as part of a team for a growing start-up to fill multiple positions. The developer will work on and preferably have prior experience with the Salesforce platform. THE 411 ON TECHCANARY TechCanary is a dynamic software company that is dramatically changing the way insurance agents do business. Founded in 2013 with corporate headquarters in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, TechCanary brings the world’s #1 CRM solution to the insurance industry by delivering a full-featured Agency Management System (AMS) built into the Salesforce.com platform.  Agents can now conduct business anytime, anywhere and on any device. In addition to managing their business, TechCanary enables them to focus on managing their growth. Many of the cumbersome and costly manual steps required today for agents to run their agency on legacy software solutions are replaced by an automated, streamlined, and flexible cloud-based methodology. Through the TechCanary solution, agents will realize dramatic operational efficiency gains and cost reductions, as well as a resultant increase in revenue and income.  Recognized as the #5 of 50 fastest-growing companies in the Milwaukee Region in 2016, we're growing and will soon move into our new downtown digs just steps from the Milwaukee Bucks' new arena. If you think outside the “cage," want to use your creative skills with a growing team, and help get in on the ground floor on a company poised for growth, fly with The Flock at TechCanary. THE VIEW FROM THE TOP Under general supervision of the Engineering Manager, this position is responsible for the overall development, configuration and operation of TechCanary’s Insurance Platform, which is an insurance industry solution built into the Salesforce platform that brings a refreshing and dramatic improvement to the tools available to insurance agents to run and grow their business. This position will perform development of new features and functionality, testing, implementation, documentation, and updating tasks. THE NITTY GRITTY (What will you actually be doing?)Manage special projects as assignedDevelop and maintain Visualforce, AppExchange, Force.com and integration with other third-party solutionsDesign, code, test, debug, package and deploy solutions on the Salesforce platformRoutinely review code, configuration, data and usage to ensure long-term viability and integrity.Make suggestions and recommendations for modifications and enhancements for system and process improvement and efficiencyWork closely with the Customer Success & Product Teams to ensure clients’ needs are being met and that any gaps in service and satisfaction are minimizedWork closely with senior management (including CEO) to ensure successCANARY COMPETENCIES (What you already bring to the table and what you can expect to be competent in after successful onboarding)Extensive knowledge of and hands-on experience with APEX and Visualforce developmentStrong ability to use Salesforce APIs to integrate Salesforce with other toolsSkill in using and experience with Force.com migration toolKnowledge of the insurance industryAbility to work independently and involve supervisor as neededAbility to manage multiple projects, meet deadlines and communicate status updatesAbility to remain calm under pressureProficient skills and ability to problem solveAbility to be a team player and to interact with senior management/C-level executivesSolid knowledge of and experience working with web technologies such as HTTP, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML, DHTML, CSSConsiderable skill in using object-oriented programming language, such as Java, C#, C++, etc.Strong attention to detailEffective written and oral communication skillsAbility to learn new skills and develop self to stay on top of trends and changes in the industryAbility to work in a fun environment that is developing, rapidly changing and still determining its cultureTHE CANARY CAGE This job operates in an office environment and routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers (ummm, DUH!), phones, copiers/scanners and various online tools (Double DUH!). MUSCLES USED While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit for prolonged periods and use computers for the super majority of time (doesn’t that go without saying?). CANARY MIGRATIONS This bird doesn’t fly too far out of the cage, but you may be required to spread those wings and fly minimally to conferences or for other business. WHAT’S THE DEALIO This is a full-time position with an expectation of 40 or more hours of work per week. CANARY COMP Competitive salary negotiable based on experience. Fringe benefits, including retirement, insurance and paid time off, also included. MUST HAVESMinimum of 2 years of software development experience (Java, C#) and web application development experience (HTML, JavaScript, CSS)Enjoyment working with people, understanding their needs and solving problemsHard-working and flexible team playerProactive, highly-motivated and results-driving individualNICE TO HAVESMinimum of 2 years of experience with technical implementation, day-to-day operations and long-term maintenance of SalesforceMinimum of 2 years of Force.com development with a strong focus on and proficiency with Apex and VisualforceKnowledge of the insurance industry a plusExperience with jQuery and AngularJS a plusExperience with Agile development practices a plusBachelor’s degree in related field a plus, but not requiredWHAT YOU CAN EXPECT OF USA team-oriented, supportive environmentAn open-minded office that values contributions from all playersFree snacks!A relaxed and fun work environmentTeam-building and social eventsFree snacks!Challenging workDevelopment opportunitiesA pretty snazzy benefits package on par with the big dogsDid we mention…free snacks?! That’s Snacks on Snacks on Snacks!INTEREST PIQUED? READY TO LEARN MORE? Then let’s go. Click that handy dandy Apply box.
WearenowlookingforaDeepLearningSoftwareEngineeringManager: NVIDIA is hiring a Deep Learning Software Manager for its Self Driving Car Deep Learning team. Academic and commercial groups around the world are powering a revolution in artificial intelligence using deep learning techniques running on NVIDIA GPUs, enabling breakthroughs in problems from image classification to speech recognition to natural language processing.  Intelligent machines powered by AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car powered by AI can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an extraordinary time. The era of AI has begun. What you’ll be doing:Leading and providing technical direction to a diverse team of deep learning engineering talentInventing and applying state of the art deep learning algorithms to solve problems related to building autonomous vehicles.Work on object detection, classification and segmentation based on images, radar and lidar data.Interaction with various internal product and research teams contributing toward building a self driving car software solution as well as partners and customersWhat we need to see:You should have at least 3 years experience in a technical management position and have successfully shipped product.Ability to manage and technically direct a team of applied researchers and engineers, define project goals and scope, and coordinate multiple development efforts.Deep expertise in deep learning algorithms, machine learning, or nonlinear optimization.Excellent programming, software design, and testing skills in Python, C++, or similar languagesMasters or PhD or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Applied Math, or related field. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Experience with deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, CNTK, Caffe, Torch, or Theano, especially for computer visionParticipation in deep learning competitions where you finished in the top 5Experience with data-parallel and/or accelerated computing (CUDA, OpenCL)Experience with embedded architectures, including DSP and hardware accelerators ​​#deeplearning  We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
WhatYou'llDoYou’re Senior Software Test Engineer-Switching and you will be part of world-class test team that works on groundbreaking technologies in switching. Opportunity to work with leading edge networking technologies in the areas of high speed performance switches for Access/Campus market segments.Role&ResponsibilitiesReview Customer Solution Requirement Docs (SRDs)Design and Validate Customer use casesAutomate use cases using TCL/ExpectParticipate in creative Software test initiativesWork closely with the field to successfully enable the SolutionsWhoYou'llWorkWithCisco’s ENB develops software across the routing, switch and wireless platform portfolio at Cisco and is investing heavily to transform the future of networking for our customers. The Cisco SPA (Security Policy and Access) team is a fast growing, collaborative team of talented engineers within CSG.  It's an outstanding opportunity to grow in the and rapidly growing new Market phase of the Internet, the Internet of Everything (IoE)! SPA’s product portfolios are about connecting people, connecting things and connecting to the cloud. Today, Cisco estimates less than 1% of the things in the world are connected to the network. You'll connect the unconnected, represented by the other 99%. You’ll be working multi-functionally with teams within CSG to develop products that expand the core components offerings for Cisco’s Digital Network Architecture (DNA) and Identity Services Engine (ISE).WhoYouAreDesired qualification Typically requires MSEE/CS combined with 5-7 years or BSEE/CS combined with 7-10+ years of experienceYou've hands-on experience on Layer 2 and Layer 3 technologies. Deep understanding of various networking protocols and standards.Experience in test tools and utilities such as Ixia, IxChariot and Wireshark/Ethereal.Experience in Scripting Languages: TCL, Expect, PythonStrong passion and experience in troubleshooting, debugging complex systems and possess excellent problem-solving techniquesExecute tests, track and log issues and drive them till resolution with verification of bug fixesReview PRD, SFS, Test plans, and other documentationsStrong verbal and written interpersonal skills, with the ability to work multi-functionally.DesiredSkills:Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, good teammateYou're able to handle multiple tasks at once and work independently with limited managerial oversight.Have experience in customer deploymentsBe open to continuous learning and committed to ongoing self-improvement.Initiate and participate in interpersonal efforts to improve overall group productivity and test effectiveness. Contribute to overall test strategiesWhyCiscoWe connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking aggressive risks to craft the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with rare personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.  We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  We Are Cisco.  Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified-applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

 WiggleCRC the worlds #1 online cycling and multisport retailer is currently seeking an enthusiastic and dynamic Software Developer to join our IT Solutions Department.  A career in Software Engineering at Wiggle involves much more than just writing code. Youll be involved in the creation and deployment of features to help us continue our growth whilst working on internal software that keeps the business running.  Were always improving our customer facing website, releasing every fortnight and prioritizing features directly with the business with a value/effort focus. Using a number of javascript frameworks, a variety of UIs, internal and external exist on JQuery, Angular and Knockout. Built around a SQL server backend, we use a variety of DB access techniques depending on the requirement. Youll be supporting SPs, nHibernate stacks and writing green field code using Dapper or another lightweight ORM. Injection is covered by Spring. net, being refactored to Autofac. Why do this job?Youll be exposed to a range of .NET applications, ranging from long lived internal Webforms to a high traffic website serving around 25% of the UK cycling market and presenting millions of page views every day.Youll be challenged daily to find answers to problems using initiative and innovation.We have a significant application footprint meaning that tasks are rarely repetitive.E-Commerce is a competitive environment, and youll be comfortable in a variety of project situations, from well-defined requirements to nebulous goals with freedom to experiment.Most happy in an agile environment you want to increase the value our ceremonies provide and take opportunities to make suggestions to improve our techniques, processes and tools in and out of regular retrospectives.Youll be analytical, a good communicator, both technical and non-technical, and happy explaining ideas and architectures on a whiteboard.Youll be confident in your code going live to millions of people because it was written with SOLID principles in mind, youve unit tested it, its been reviewed, QAd and UATed and you know its efficient from your profiler run results.You enjoy the opportunity to improve using online resources including a PluralSight subscription and innovating genuine value in 10% time along with participating in Friday Fun knowledge sessions where engineers showcase new technologies and techniques to their peers in informal presentations.What we look for:C# .NET 3.5 - 4.5Web tech - MVC 3+, HTML5 and CSS, JavaScript and frameworksTesting frameworks, i.e. NUnit, Moq, MSpecSOLIDSQL, NServiceBus, ORMsGood problem-solving skillsGood communication skillsAbility to liaise with colleagues of all levels across the businessSound like a perfect role for you? Fantastic! We would love to hear from you!We are for the #Goodstuff!This job was originally posted as www.jobsite.co.uk/job/960025589
WhySecurityScorecard? At SecurityScorecard, we are revolutionizing the cybersecurity industry with our platform, data, and insights. Weve built a new category of enterprise software, which enables companies to rate and understand the security risk of any company. Our customers span a variety of sectors and use cases, including compliance, cyber insurance, and vendor risk management. We are proud to be backed by Sequoia, Google Ventures, and Moody's.  SecurityScorecard is growing tremendously, and we're looking for people who can contribute to the next phase in our company's development. What makes a successful Scorecarder? Your skills are of course key, but your attitude is equally important. As a Scorecarder, you will commit to working and having fun in a way that exemplifies our S(CORE) values.  As individuals and as a community, we are Solutions Focused, Customer Centric, and operate as One Team. We are Resilient and Embody #SecurityDNA to practice what we preach.  If these values resonate, we'd love to hear from you! About the Role We are seeking a Business Development Associate (BDA) to help drive demand. As a BDA you will be the first point of contact for many of our prospects, and will be responsible for driving curiosity and interest. You will help qualify prospects and uncover sales opportunities, all while learning about our product, our solution, and outbound sales techniques. This the perfect opportunity for anyone looking to launch a sales career in the B2B Tech and CyberSecurity space. Key ResponsibilitiesCommunicate our mission and value with prospective buyersBook meetings with prospects and achieve/surpass your meeting quotaQualify inbounds leadsEvangelize the productKeep our database clean and your prospect data accurateCrush outreach activity (phone and email)Work alongside Marketing and Channel on relevant campaignsAttend occasional events to represent SecurityScorecardMaster your tools (sales enablement software)Research prospective organizations that can benefit from SecurityScorecard's software solutionsIdentify decision-makers in those organizationsApplyifthefollowingmostly soundslikeyou!You own your work and are a self-starterYou identify as a forever learner, always hungry to learn moreYou ask for coaching when neededShameless audacity or high confidence is what you're known forWorkhorse, hustler, scrappy, are a few words that describe your work ethicKnow how to work with urgency (quota is based on quarterly projections)Positive attitude with a "no challenge is too great to overcome" mentalityInsatiable addiction to successSecurityScorecard embraces diversity. We believe that our team is strengthened through hiring and retaining employees with diverse backgrounds, skillsets, ideas, and perspectives. We make hiring decisions based upon merit and do not discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.
SOFTWARE DEVELOPERWe are ReminderMedia, a growing Sales and Marketing Company in King of Prussia. If you are looking for something different check us out. Our company started in 2004 and is far from ordinary. ReminderMedia is proud to be listed on Inc. Magazine's 2016 list of the Top 5000 Fastest Growing Private Companies in America. We are an inspiring, driven, fresh, lively, creative, hardworking, dedicated, competitive, fun and energetic team. This roll will help to augment a new product development team. This team has the task of building several new applications for our next generation of services. Most day to day activities will be creating new code or supporting code that has been recently deployed. It's really about the platform, not the boxRequirements:Object oriented programming using PHP 5.6 PHP 7 is a plusMVC Experience (Laravel 5.4, Zend, Symfony, etc)Unit Testing with PHPUnitGearman is a plusRabbitMQ is a plusVersion control using GIT GitFlow is a plusPuppet and/or RoboPhingComposerDatabase experience MySQLMongoWorking in a Linux environment (CentOS, RedHat)3-5 years of Python development with at least 2.7 experience, 3.3+ is cool to3-5 years basic database use preferably MySQLBasic understanding of Graph Data (look up Neo4J or Facebook)A potential interest in AI and Deep Learning systems (let’s make Skynet)3-5 years working with a web based applications inviroment (LAMP/MEAN Stack)Experience with the E.L.K. stack (ElasticSearch, LogStash, Kibana) is a plus.Qualification:Experience in a SCRUM / Agile environment (Kanban is a plus)Working in Jira using an Agile methodology to show work within a sprintUnderstanding of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)A drive and a passion to ensure that the job is done rightA clear passion for growth and a willingness to try and learn new thingsAble to hold your own in nerdy discussions including but not limited to Star Wars, Star Trek, Dr. Who, Comic book characters, Anime, surviving the zombie apocalypse, and The Singularity: All hail our robot overlords… We help business professionals connect with their core clients, on a consistent basis, in order to help them generate repeat and referral business. If you’d like to learn more about ReminderMedia, we encourage you to check us out online at www.remindermedia.com. See what we do, how we do it, and why it works!
 Who We Are  We are a small team of highly visible Software Architects that lead high-level design discussions, ensures architectural alignment across domains and provide technical oversight for SaaS, PaaS and IaaS architectures.  We are continually identifying new opportunities to help meet our customers’ needs and bring innovative solutions to the market, as trusted advisers we collaborate cross functionally with domain subject matter experts, technical leaders and executive stakeholders.  Who You'll Work With  The Core Software Group (CSG) develops software across the routing, switching, and wireless platform portfolio at Cisco. CSG is investing significantly to transform the future of networking for our customers. The Operations Team enables the success of CSG by driving process development and deployment, program management and business operations initiatives.  What You'll Do  In this highly visible role, you will be working alongside some of the senior most engineers in the industry leading in the design, architecture and implementation of broad technical solutions, creating and influencing architectural strategy, lead projects that involve creating technical assets across various division in Cisco and external Partners.  Who You Are?  A successful candidate will bring deep technical and software expertise and ability to work within a fast moving, startup environment to deliver solid code that has a broad business impact. More than any other quality, we are looking for those driven by the challenge of solving unique and difficult technical problems, those who excel when given creative freedom, and those who aren't afraid to dive into new territory (technical or otherwise) and learn something new. You should have a good sense of product design, and be willing to work in small, self-organizing teams. If you are looking to excel in a fast paced environment creating cutting edge network management solutions, this job's for you! At minimum, we require:Ability to engage with senior software architects and customers architects, and capture system requirements into Architecture Specifications10+ years software and architecture experience in a technology based company with 4+ years focused on cloud environments and their supporting infrastructuresStrong experience of cloud infrastructure like Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud and all supporting technologies such as EC2, S3, Kubernetes, Docker and Elastic Search • Experience in the design and development of cloud-native scaled out and distributed applications that leverage micro service architecture, REST APIs, relational and NoSQL stores, strong tooling, monitoring, and cloud management experienceStrong knowledge of core software technologies and fundamentals – specifically for large-scale distributed systems – and building highly available services.Technical Experience for integration of automation frameworks across SaaS enterprise solutions though demonstrated experience developing integration infrastructure or cloud service brokers through APIs and understanding of the full agile lifecycle application development.Lead and deliver platform security related strategy initiatives based upon an understanding of current security trendsMust be familiar with not only popular open source technology, such as NoSQL DB, message bus, configuration tools, monitoring & analytics tools, etc, but also full stack development frameworks from front end GUI to restful API to middleware to backend DB access. Understand the pros and cons of each technology, and clearly know how to select at different scenario.Strong knowledge of key infrastructure technologies such as: Database (Oracle, Postgres, MySQL. Big Data and NOSQL Databases like Cassandra, Elastic Search, Mongo. In Memory DB like Timesten, Redis, Dynomite) • Able to learn complex technologies quickly, work in a fast-paced, team-driven environmentDeliver results in a short time and experience working in fast paced high growth tech companies with the ability to take up variety of roles in a startup environment Why Cisco  We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. We do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  We Are Cisco.#LI-Mw1
 Requisition Number 15-0102  Post Date 2/20/2017  Title Software Developer  City Miami Lakes  State FL  Description Can you make the cut? Inktel selects only the best and the brightest to be a part of our cutting-edge organization. We surround ourselves with a team of forward-thinking professionals who aren’t afraid to push the limits. You’ll find that we value: - Fearlessness. We’ll expect you to be a leader who is prepared to develop and oversee ambitious projects – without asking for permission. - The will to overcome challenges. Our high-energy environment is constantly growing, so challenges are a daily occurrence. You’ll need to clear the hurdles by making split-second decisions and adapting at a moment’s notice.  - Entrepreneurship. Because we’re never satisfied with just “good,” we’re always on the lookout for the innovation to move our business forward. Our people channel their creativity to get us from “good” to “great.”  We know that these qualities are hard to come by. That’s why we’ll give you the tools you need to drive your capacity for growth and energy forward: - Freedom. Who has time to deal with excessive bureaucracy? We focus not on red tape, but on results. - Interaction with ALL levels of our organization. One moment you’ll be brainstorming with a colleague; the next, you’ll be working on a project with one of our senior executives. We foster open dialogue between our employees. - Brilliant colleagues. Interacting with such talented, passionate people will motivate you to reach your professional potential. - An amazing community. Miami is “One of the Happiest Cities to Work in” (Forbes.com 2011); we live and work in paradise! If you’re inspired to join an industry trendsetter that will challenge and reward you, keep reading. We’re looking to work with you. Our dynamic Information Technology Team is currently in search of a Software Developer for our Miami Lakes, Florida office.  Now here's the fun stuff:  Building and coding applications and/or modules with .Net 4.0 / C#.NET /ASP.NET / SQL SERVER 2008 / SSIS / SSRS / WCF Web Services / HTML / XML / Javascript / PHP  Develop and expose software components as Web Services for Service-Oriented Architecture, using WS-Security open standards specifications.   Work with our open source PBX environment, building closely integrated applications.  Working with members of diverse technical and business teams, helping with storyboarding, prototyping and developing complex technical solutions to best solve business requirements.   Review, analyze, and resolve any existing problems that come up with legacy systems and handle programming assignments accordingly.  Develop reports using various BI tools, including Reporting Services, Crystal Reports  Scripting and web development Collaboration with team members, sharing development responsibility  Create, and maintain proper technical documentation of systems/modules and adhering to proper Software Development Life Cycle protocols.  Requirements: - Minimum 3+ years experience developing web applications and modules with .Net framework - Minimum 3+ years experience working with SQL Server (2008 preferred) – working with Stored procedures, views, triggers, functions, complex queries etc. Experience working with Integration services (SSIS), and reporting services (SSRS) required. - Solid understanding of Object oriented programming (OOP) and computer science foundations, such as memory management and application performance. - Experience with PHP development, Asterisk, and Open source PBX environment highly preferred.  - Strong experience designing and working with n-tier architecture (UI, Business logic layer, Data access layer) along with experience with service-oriented architectures (SOA) – exposing applications as Web Services. - Strong knowledge of software development, deployment, and best practices - Ability to convert designs and specifications into web applications. - Strong communication, presentation, and documentation skills. Be able to work at an abstract level and be able to set the technical direction in the context of ambiguity. - Ability to prototype, refine, system test, analyze, performance test, and debug applications. - Familiarity with XML, HTML, DHTML, SQL, XSLT, ADO, ASP/ASP.NET, JavaScript, CSS, Schema Design, Relational data modeling. - Experienced in administering and managing SQL Server & IIS web server preferred. - Familiarity with multiple server and desktop operating systems including Windows Server 2003, Windows XP, Windows 2000, Linux (helpful). - Experience with secure coding principles & practices. - Excellent communication and writing skills in English. The compensation package for this position includes a competitive base salary commensurate with experience, as well as a comprehensive benefits package of medical, dental, short/long term disability, life insurance, paid time off, educational assistance, and an excellent 401K plan. Inktel is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and Drug Free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with disability.  Apply Online  Send This Job to a Friend What We DoWho We AreWhat's New?CareersContact Us © 2014 Inktel. All Rights Reserved.  . ShareThis Copy and Paste
 Req #: 6252 # of openings: 1 DescriptionWould you like to perform rewarding work while contributing to the success of an established, growing company?Pragmatics, Inc. is seeking a Software Developer to support the USSOCOM DCGS-SOF program at MacDill AFB in Tampa FL.  As a Software Developer, you will perform the following tasks: Write, modify, and debug web and service-oriented architecture (SOA) applicationsDesign and develop critical components of the solution, including but not limited to, custom data adapters, application interfaces, and security layersCreate custom data parsers for import and export of data resources in various formatsCreate Use Case Analysis Unified Modeling Language (UML) designs based on documented system requirementsWork closely with Systems Analysts, Subject Matter Experts, Data Architect, Integrator, and Technical Lead in support of the design and development of technologies to support integration needs with external and internal systemsEmploy best practices for design, development,unit testing and test plan development; actively participate in acceptance testingParticipate in Scrum meetings, sprint planning, and sprint demosRequired Skills1 - 4 years of experience with software or web development application development, and software integrationActive development experience with JavaScript, Web Services, and REST APIsFamiliarity with XML and JSON formats and schemasFamiliarity with Agile development methodologyFamiliarity with NoSQL database administration and designDesired SkillsAbility to independently and as a member of a team resolve software problemsDetail oriented and organized; able to drive solutions using the SDLCTeam player able to work with a project manager, solutions architect, other developers, and customersNoSQL database experienceXQuery experienceExperience with Angular, Ember, or Meteor JavaScript frameworkEducation and Years of ExperienceBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or a related technical field and2 – 4 years of relevant experienceSecurity ClearanceMust be able to obtain a U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) Secret Clearance (U.S. citizen with NO dual citizenship; NO criminal record)Company Overview Join an established and reliable mid-tier government contractor with a reputation for excellence.  For over 30 years, Pragmatics, Inc. has provided state-of-the-art technology services and solutions to the federal government. We have diverse contracts with both Defense/Intelligence Agencies and Federal/Civilian agencies.  We provide Software Engineering, Agile Business Intelligence and Analytics, Audio Visual and Learning Technologies, Cybersecurity, Systems Engineering, Independent Verification and Validation, IT Service Management, Program Management, and Transportation Solutions.  We have been externally appraised at SEI CMMI® Level 5 and are ISO 9001, ISO/IEC 27001, and ISO/IEC 20000-1 certified. Pragmatics strives to provide the highest level of customer satisfaction, as well as rewarding careers for our employees, who are hardworking, enthusiastic, and dedicated to superior performance. We encourage you to find out more about our company and our benefits at: www.pragmatics.com. Pragmatics is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Minorities, Women, Veterans and Disabled. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of a disability. Are you a returning applicant?Previous Applicants:Email:Password: If you do not remember your password click here. Back to Search Results New Search
We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Entry Level Software Engineers. Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference. Interviews are starting now. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply immediately.Required Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processesExcellent problem solverAbility to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Responsibilities:Integrate software components into a fully functional software systemExecute full lifecycle software developmentDocument and maintain software functionalityWrite well designed, testable, efficient codeTailor and deploy software tools, processes and metricsComply with project plans and industry standardsBenefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401k#ind123 #glassdoorQuick Apply
 WAND is seeking an experienced Software Developer to build cutting edge applications for the restaurant industry. We are seeking an individual who gets excited about developing distributed applications utilizing some of the latest technologies available today working to change an entire industry. If you enjoy working in a team environment with wicked smart engineers and product managers in a fast-moving atmosphere, we urge you to learn more about WAND. Do youLove building distributed applications that have a real impact on users' day-to-day lives?Want to use cutting edge tools such as AngularJS, TypeScript, C#, Cordova and Electron?Enjoy building applications that are intuitive to use, easily convey information, and bring delight to the customer?Enjoy taking these technologies and applying them in exciting new ways?Love clean, functional and well thought through code? If so, WAND may be the place for you! What you will be doingWorking with a high performing agile team to build brand new set of on premises, web and mobile applicationsWorking closely with our Product and UI/UX team members to ensure design and develop a system that will deliver the best value and usability to our customersBuild unit and automated tests to ensure the software stays defect free as it evolves over timeKey Traits and ExperienceBachelor's Degree or equivalent experience.5+ Years of software development experience utilizing languages including JavaScript, C# or similarExperience with TypeScript, jQuery, AngularJS, KnockoutJS or other JavaScript frameworksExperience with cross platform frameworks such as Electron and CordovaSignificant experience working with JSONExperience working with SQL databases such as MS SQL and MySQLExperience working with NoSQL database engines a plusExperience developing highly transactional web applications Ability to understand user stories, and sound business analysis skills to understand both the process flow and data flow that defines an applicationA Team Player who shares our core values of Integrity, Commitment, Positive Attitude and Drive.An Entrepreneurial SpiritPassion and drive for building high quality and very cool software! WAND Corporation is the industry leader in restaurant technology working with some of the most well-known, world-class brands today. Our vision is to revolutionize worldwide restaurant operations through technology, services, and data. Our technology is used in over 70 of the largest restaurant brands today. If you enjoy an aggressive, technology-oriented, results-driven culture, we encourage you to learn more about WAND. WAND was nominated by Minnesota Business Magazine as one of the Top 100 Companies to Work For. To learn more, please visit our Careers page at http://www.wandcorp.com.
 What You'll Do You’re extremely motivated Software Engineer and passionate about learning and contributing to the team and the business with "can do" attitude. Strong design/programming ethic. Knowledge of designing large-scale systems in C/C++ environments is helpful.Dedication to Quality: Ability to ensure and commit to a higher standard of quality than usual in the face of time to market pressures.Strong OS fundamentals and networking concepts is a requirement.In-depth experience in designing networking systems with L2, L3 and multicast backgroundExperience with GRPC, ProtoBuf, Go Lang, Distributed SystemsWireless background is desirable. Knowledge of 802.11 standard.FIPS/CC background is desirable.Responsibilities: Participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation Wireless Access Points. Define, architect, design, and deliver new software and features for the Wireless Access Points  Day to day activities will involve building new features, understanding features in a competitive product and proposing solutions that work for our platform, writing functional and design specifications, programming, unit and integration testing your code, helping review specifications and code for other software engineers in the team, helping documentation team with the configuration aspects of your feature. Who You'll Work With The Wireless Networking Group (WNG) is the industry leader in enterprise WLAN with a proven track record in building innovative wireless solutions. We are looking for passionate and dedicated Embedded Linux savvy programmers to form the core of a new team delivering service provide features for a key segment of wireless customers.  Do you enjoy spearheading innovation through personal initiative? Would it excite you to be part of a highly motivated best of breed engineering team who is redefining and refreshing the software portfolio for Cisco's Wireless access points? Would you like to challenge yourself in driving a key technology transition in the Wireless Industry while working the market leader? Would you cherish to develop code using the most modern development methods using a test driven development focus? Can you demonstrates the ability to develop software with a system-level focus while understanding the impact of every component, work with minimal supervision, collaborate with a cross-functional team and leverages technical knowledge and project management experience to accomplish the goals. Who You AreYou are a Software engineer with 5+ years of experience with BS/MS in computer systems, software and architecture.Expertise in 802.11 a, b/g, n protocolsUnderstanding of LAN/WAN routing/switching and other network layer protocolsYou possess the aptitude to multi-task in fast-paced environmentYou have at least 3 years of Linux embedded development experienceYou are good with writing distributed platform and system softwareYou are desired to have experienced with board bringup, writing and debugging device driversDeep understanding of Linux and network resource managementYou are an excellent C programmer and possess strong analytical and logical solving skillsYou have experience with CPU/Memory Management/IO and Virtualization technologiesYou have a deep expertise of the network protocol stack, including L2 switching and IP Routing, TCP/IPPrefer strong skills in Python/Perl scriptingDesired Skills:Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, good teammate You should be able to own large portions of the software from a technical perspective Handle multiple tasks at once and work independently with minimal managerial mentorship. Have experience in customer deployment. Strong interpersonal and communication skills.Strong team building skills. This role requires the ability to work across departments and with other teamsBe open to continuous learning and committed to ongoing self-improvement.Initiate and participate in organizational efforts to improve overall group productivity and test effectiveness. Contribute to overall test strategiesWhy CiscoWe connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with rare personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco.Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. LI-RS1
 Nvoicepay’s state-of-the-art technology is boldly changing payments by providing straightforward, flexible interface that automates payment optimization – which saves our customers money and valuable resources. Our growing business offers our team exciting challenges and opportunities to develop, collaborate and create daily. We hire team players who want to be part of something exceptional and are looking to focus on the customer and innovative solutions.  SENIOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPER  Development • Nvoicepay Headquarters, Beaverton, OR (this is not a remote job/no relocation package offered) ROLE DESCRIPTION  The Senior Software Developer is responsible for implementing cloud-based desktop, web, and mobile solutions with Microsoft’s Windows Azure Cloud Computing Technology. The ideal candidate will have a deep knowledge of the Microsoft.NET technology stack be a self-motivated, technically-adept team player. It is important that they be a creative, solutions-based programmer with strong communication, collaboration and development skills who takes great pride in their work.  REQUIRED SKILLS 5+ years of .NET C# and web development experience requiredBachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience requiredExcellent skills in Microsoft technologies, including C#, ASP.NET, Microsoft .NET FrameworkExcellent skills in JavaScript, Ajax, jQuery, CSS, CSS3, and HTML5, XML, SOAP, REST API, Web ServicesSkills in database technologies (Microsoft SQL Server or Oracle) including database development (T-SQL or PL/SQL)Ability to reach synergy with development team  PREFERRED SKILLSExcellent knowledge of web architectural and design patternsSolid working knowledge of current technologies including object-oriented analysis and design practices (object modeling, use cases, activity diagrams, and UML).Azure StorageAzure PaaS HostingASP.NET MVCExpression BlendWP7/MonoTouch/MonoAndroidPayment Industry ExperienceKnowledge of SDLC methodologies (Agile, CMM, Scrum, Lean, etc.)  QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years of development experience  Demonstrated team focus that drives you to forward-thinking process and solutions  Strong communication skills (both verbal and written), and ability to effectively work within a team  Requires strong technical, people and solution-evaluation skills and knowledge of security best practices  WORKING FOR NVOICEPAY  Nvoicepay is a profitable, growing company that values people. We offer a many perks outside of the challenging and satisfying work– a new facility near Portland, Oregon; competitive pay and paid benefits; generous time off policy; flexible dress code; snack and drink pantry; and much more. Our environment is comfortable and welcoming with many common areas and the ability to communicate and solve problems across departments. We are proud of the work we do to help other companies but also value work-life balance.  Nvoicepay is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, ancestry, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class.
Company Overview Intrapreneurship is defined as creating from within, starting something from nothing. And it is at the heart of the people at Rightpoint. We are a values-led intrapreneurial organization. We’re driven by innovation, rooted in technology and relentlessly curious. We love the creativity involved in taking a blank screen and blinking cursor and making it something amazing. With intrapreneurship in our DNA, we’re able to move quickly to build unique, innovative customer experiences that evolve the way our clients do business.  Are you someone who wants to create change in the way business is done? Do you want to work with inspired and like-minded intrapreneurs? Us too! We take our work very seriously, but we have fun doing it. And we’re searching for passionate, talented people to join the Rightpoint team.  Rightpoint is the largest independent customer experience agency with technology at our core, and 400 employees across 9 U.S. offices. We create seamless digital experiences driven by insight, strategy, technology and design. Rightpoint serves more than 250 Fortune 1,000 companies with strategy, site design and development, content, CRM, commerce, mobile, BI and cloud infrastructure. And the industry is taking notice:Crain's Chicago Fast Fifty of “Fastest Growing Companies,” 2014 - 2017"Top Workplaces in Chicago" by the Chicago Tribune, 2014-2017EY Entrepreneur of The Year® Award, Co-founders Ross Freedman & Brad Schneider: 2015 Midwest Dual FinalistsOne of the "Most Promising Companies in America" by Forbes in 2014 WATCH THIS to learn more about Rightpoint and our culture: https://www.rightpoint.com/careersJob Description The Microsoft Web Developer will be responsible for building and maintaining internal and external facing web applications for Rightpoint's clients using the Microsoft “stack” including ASP.NET as well as client-side browser technologies (e.g., JavaScript). This person will work with a team (of approximately 3-8 people) of experienced project managers, user experience consultants, visual designers, analysts, developers, and business resources to build enterprise systems that improve business productivity and support operations. It is important that candidates have a strong background in building beautiful, scalable, maintainable, high-quality, and high-performing web applications. ResponsibilitiesContribute to requirements gathering and analysis activities such as storyboarding, developing use cases, and creating functional requirements specifications.Contribute to creating feature specifications and technical design blueprints.Develop custom features in Visual Studio based on specifications and technical designs.Operate within the dynamics of a team; exercise proper etiquette and citizenship during “team development” sprints.Create rich web user interfaces using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.Create server-side functionality using object oriented design principles.Take responsibility for feature-focused unit and system testing (built both by you and others).Contribute to user acceptance testing procedures and monitoring results.Contribute to performance and load testing procedures and issue remediation.Required Skills and AbilitiesMust HaveSolid understanding of object-oriented programming (OOP) and current design patterns/practices; and when we say solid, we mean SOLID.Deep hands-on knowledge of:The .NET Framework including Visual Studio, C#, and ASP.NET.Client-side browser technologies including JavaScript, CSS, and HTML.Experience with designing relational databases and optimizing database structure for performance and/or maintainability and the ability to design and optimize queries.Experience with Object Relational Modeling (ORM) with different tools such as Entity Framework (and/or nHibernate) and LINQ.Experience with source control, work item tracking, and build management with Team Foundation Server (or similar).Consider refactoring a standard part of the development process.Focus on making yourself and those around you great.Motivation with an emphasis on team performance.Passion about building high-quality systems with software implementation best practices.Eagerness to learn and work outside your technology comfort zone.Ability to be self-motivated, independent, and detail-oriented.Exhibit exceptional relationship management skills.Demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills.Knowledge of sound business practices and a proven track record of anticipating and exceeding customer expectations.Nice to HaveStrong experience working with layered architectures (N-Layer, Onion/Hex, DDD, CQRS) and an appreciation for appropriate layering and application structure.Hands-on experience building scalable web applications, in particular high frequency and low latency web applications with optimal memory management, performance, and scalability as a key focus.Experience in development and implementations using:Microsoft SharePointSitecoreEPiServerKenticoExperience with Styling and Responsive Design techniques using technologies such as LESS, HTML5, Bootstrap, and SASS.Experience with Client-side browser development using jQuery, Knockout, or AngularJS; emphasis on Single Page Applications (SPA).Experience with native mobile application development on any platform.Experience with Cloud ecosystems including Azure or AWS.Extra CreditDemonstrate prior consulting experience.Exposure to project management experiences is a plus. Willingness to travel to clients located throughout the Chicagoland area on a regular basis and a willingness for occasional travel to client sites located throughout the United States on an occasional basis. Required Education Bachelor of Science Degree or equivalent work experience Benefits and Perks at RightpointPTO + Paid HolidaysCasual Dress (when in the office; when at a client site, we need to mirror their dress code)Flexible Work ScheduleGreat Health CoverageMedical – 4 plans to choose from!DentalVisionLife/AD&D/Short-Term & Long-Term DisabilityFlexible Spending (Dependent & Healthcare)Transportation/Parking Pre-Tax Benefits401k with Company MatchingWeekly Peapod Snack/Drink deliveryRegular Happy Hours and social events including: Volunteering, Game Nights, Basketball, 5K runs, golf outings, team sports, etc.Catered Lunches Every Other FridayOpen Office EnvironmentContinuous Training, Certifications, and Learning Opportunities This is a full time, salaried position. For more information, visit www.rightpoint.com. Rightpoint is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, or national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law.  Rightpoint is an E-Verify employer. E-Verify is an Internet-based system operated by the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services that allows Rightpoint to verify the employment eligibility of our employees. Based on the information provided by you on your Form I-9, Rightpoint will input that information into E-Verify which will confirm your information in DHS and Social Security Administration (SSA) databases. Your continued employment with Rightpoint is contingent upon an “Employment Authorized” result for you from the E-Verify system  APPLICANTS MUST BE PERMANENTLY AUTHORIZED TO WORK IN THE U.S.. WE ARE UNABLE TO OFFER SPONSORSHIP AT THIS TIME.
 Responsibilities & Requirements. Undergraduate degree in electrical engineering or software engineering.4+ years of work experience with Control systemsProficient in Rockwell Automation and Siemens Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) programmingExperience working with Human Machine Interface (HMI)Proficient manual electronic skills such as soldering, insulation and wiring, splicing, and component selection 2+ years of experience in a programing language such as C++, C# or Python.
 WorldQuant develops and deploys systematic financial strategies across a variety of asset classes and global markets. We seek to produce high-quality predictive signals (Alphas) through our proprietary research platform to employ financial strategies focused on exploiting market inefficiencies. Our teams work collaboratively to drive the production of Alphas and financial strategies – the foundation of a sustainable, global investment platform.  WorldQuant’s success is built on a culture that pairs academic sensibility with accountability for results. Employees are encouraged to think openly about problems, balancing intellectualism and practicality. Great ideas come from anyone, anywhere. Employees are encouraged to challenge conventional thinking and possess a mindset of continuous improvement. That’s a key ingredient in remaining a leader in any industry.  Our goal is to hire the best and the brightest engineers. We value intellectual horsepower first and foremost, and people who demonstrate an exceptional talent. There is no roadmap to future success, so we need people who can help us create it. Our collective intelligence will drive us there. The Role: Technologists at WorldQuant research, design, code, test and deploy projects while working collaboratively with researchers and portfolio managers. Our environment is relaxed yet intellectually intense. Our teams are lean and agile, which means rapid prototyping of products with immediate user feedback. We seek people who think in code, aspire to solve undiscovered computer science challenges and are motivated by being around like-minded people. In fact, of the 600 employees globally, approximately 500 of them code on a daily basis.  WorldQuant is seeking an exceptional individual to join the firm as a Quantitative Developer and help drive the build out of a new quant macro business. While prior finance experience is not required, a successful candidate must possess a strong interest in learning about finance and global markets. Quant Developers will design, code and implement proprietary systems and tools to drive our quant macro business. You will collaborate with researchers and PM’s to gather, analyze and spec out requirements, develop/test code, and manage product deliverables. A successful candidate will help build the software that will serve as the foundation of our Quant Macro business and that will be used by Portfolio Managers to construct portfolios and analyze trading. Its Impact: Quant Macro is a new business line being built from scratch and aspires to be a strong contributor to WorldQuant’s continued growth and success. WorldQuant continues to diversify our unique investment platform, which is a leader amongst its peers. We desire people who are driven by new challenges and will help us in our relentless pursuit to succeed. What You’ll Bring:B.S./M.S./Ph.D. from a leading university in a Computer Science, Engineering, or related disciplineGraduated at the top of your program, with excellent problem solving abilities, insight, and judgment as well as a strong attention to detailExpert-level knowledge of algorithms, design patterns, OOP, threading, multiprocessing, etcDemonstrated ability to program in a scientific computing environment, preferably in python/Numpy and C++, although other leading languages are OK.Working understanding of basic probability, statistical inference, software solvers, mathematical optimizationStrong communication skills; ability to express complex concepts in simple terms
 Cloudlock was launched in 2011 with one simple goal in mind: to transform cloud security into a business enabler. From that initial goal, we’ve built out a unified cloud security platform that helps organizations protect their sensitive data in public cloud applications such as Google’s G Suite, Salesforce, Dropbox, Box, ServiceNow, and many others. After being acquired by Cisco in August 2016, Cloudlock now is part of the Cisco Cloud Security Business Unit, and remains a cohesive, dynamic and highly motivated team headquartered in an amazing office right on the water at the Waltham Watch Factory in Waltham, Massachusetts, with remote offices in London and Israel. We’re less than a mile from the Waltham T-stop on the Commuter Rail and the bus from Riverside station stops right in front of the office, so getting here is a snap! The cloud is our passion and cloud security is our mission. Cisco is one of the largest security companies in the world, with solutions ranging from Next-Generation Firewalls to Advanced Malware Protection and DNS-layer security. As part of Cisco, the opportunities are endless as we continue to redefine cloud security.  We are at the intersection of two very hot high tech sectors, Cloud and Security. If you're as excited as we are about helping to shape the future of both, come join us!  Right now we’re looking for a technical software development manager to lead highly talented devops teams. We work in a fast-paced environment, so if rolling up your sleeves, multitasking, and staying on top of projects is what you look forward to in your work, we want to talk to you.  Responsibilities Manage a talented team of engineers working on data storage, data processing and system operations related projectsWorking with teams to deliver high quality technology SaaS solutions that address business needs and operate within a tight security perimeters.Play the role of a hands-on technical lead on project initiatives as neededCommunicate effectively, while working closely with other groups to coordinate design, development, and testing efforts of assigned application components to ensure the successful delivery of projectsDrive continual process improvement and supporting team efficacy.RequirementsExperience leading a team of Software Developers; 4+ years of experience preferred7+ years experience in software development overallExcellent communication skillsExperience developing high scale, critical, enterprise level SaaS solutionsExperience with Python, Java and/or other object oriented programming languagesExperience working with deployment pipelines (CI/CD)Desire and energy to work in a fast-paced environmentExperience with agile development, devops models or similar methodologies for continuous development of product and technologyExperience planning sprints, removing roadblocks, increasing velocityTest automation, performance knowledge testingBachelor's degree in computer science (or related)Understanding of high availability architecturesDesirable:Project management expertiseCloud security expertiseFedramp, SOC-2 or alike experiencePostgreSQL/RDBMS experienceSystem operations knowledge/skillsExperience working with immutable infrastructureMasters degree
 At HouseCanary, were using data and analytics to predict the future of US residential real estate. Our goal is to help people make better decisions by offering innovative and unparalleled insights. HouseCanarys platform accurately forecasts values 36 months into the future for three million residential blocks and more than 100 million properties.  We're seeking a passionate Senior Software Engineer to help build out the data aggregation and ingestion platform powering the most accurate real estate analytics tools in the world. What you'll do:Ingest large amounts of data from numerous sourcesDevelop complex queries to solve data mining problemsWrite reliable and efficient programs scaling to massive datasets and large clusters of machinesCollaborate with talented data scientists to implement predictive modelsCreate optimized ETL jobs to power industry-leading front-end applicationsWhat you have:5+ years software engineering experienceExpert level Python ability (or willingness to get there)Advanced level SQL knowledgeExcellent communication skillsCollaborative and proactive personalityAbility to work through ambiguity and deal with shifting prioritiesBonus points for knowledge of:Real estate marketsPredictive modelingPandas, NumPy, scikit-learnPostGIS HouseCanary is the authoritative source for accurate, uniform information, analyzed and visualized real-time to make better, faster decisions.  HouseCanary - see into the future of real estate.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
About the Company From sustainable energy systems to self-driving cars, the innovations of the future will all rely on code. With so much software to write, developers need a better way to access, understand, and collaborate on code. At Sourcegraph, we are building a better, smarter foundation for software development. One that will enable developers (and the companies that rely on them) to more quickly turn great ideas into groundbreaking technology. Effectively, we want to bring the future sooner. Check out what we are building for developers and why it matters: https://sourcegraph.com/plan.About the Team Our small team consists of talented, mature, collaborative, driven individuals who are attracted to the massive problem we are tackling. We work in an open environment that treats people in a first-class manner and provides them with ownership, responsibility, and autonomy. Our founders featured on Forbes 30 under 30 2017: https://text.sourcegraph.com/sourcegraph-founders-featured-on-forbes-30-under-30-list-8ff9c9b6eb45#.weps4istpAbout the Role You will help build Sourcegraph, a multi-tier application (web, CLI, API, data stores, services) written primarily in TypeScript (frontend) and Go (backend). You will have the freedom to creatively tackle various CS challenges while building products that are fundamental to the growth and success of the business. As a senior member of the team, you will help set the technical direction of various projects as well as mentor other team members. This is a full-stack role and ideal candidates should feel comfortable (though not equally skilled) at all layers of the stack.Example projects: Reduce P95 latency of "code intelligence" requests (e.g. hover tooltips, find references, go-to-definition) Scale our language analysis cluster to meet traffic demands; mitigate infrastructure costs Design and implement a system to perform fast, real-time, cross-repository `git grep`Responsibilities Design and build multi-tier web & desktop applications using Go & TypeScript Combine system metrics, user feedback, and intuition to plan improvements Create simple and performant APIs and services based on multiple underlying data sources Lead and mentor other team members while driving technical roadmaps and decisions for various projectsIdeal Candidates Have Track record of delivering high-quality products with attention to scalability and UX Strong web/JavaScript/TypeScript/Go fundamentals Passion for the craft of software development and good engineering practices Experience leading projects & people, helping mentor junior team members Experience working on medium-to-large codebases & contributing to open-source projects
 About EngilityEngility delivers innovative solutions to critical challenges facing the nation and the world. As a premier provider of integrated services for the U.S. government, we support the Department of Defense, intelligence community, space communities, federal civilian agencies and international customers. Engility is dedicated to making lives better, safer and more secure.DescriptionEngility Corporation is seeking a mid-level Java developer with Java rich client and web application development experience and strong core Java knowledge for an immediate position on a growing program in Indian Head, MD supporting a Naval Surface Warfare Centers contract. The successful candidate will research, design, develop, and/or modify enterprise-wide systems and/or application software.Required Qualifications At least 2 years of recent Java experience.Applicants selected for this position will require an interim DoD Secret security clearance and background screening.Experience with software configuration management processesFamiliar with Software CM documents (such as SPS, SVD, SCMP, etc).Experience performing Software CM functions on a major program of reasonable size and complexityExperience with Microsoft Windows operating systems, Microsoft OfficeWorking knowledge of software configuration management and source control tools such as GIT and SVNKnowledge of PC-based software tools for integration, build, and release of software.Secret ClearanceGood oral and written communication skills.Ability to work collaboratively on multi-disciplinary teamsWillingness to travel occasionally.Degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering, 5+ years of experience could be substituted for degreCOMPTIA Security+ certification withn 3 months of hire.Desired QualificationsAt least 6 years of recent Java experience.Experience using Java technologies-SWT, SWING, RCP, JSP, EJBExperience using Java development tools such as Maven, Eclipse, Ant, Jenson etc.Understanding of Object Oriented Principals and conceptsUnderstanding of design patterns and their applicationsWorking knowledge of both rich client and web application development using current MVC frameworksKnowledge of Oracle 11, MySQL, SQL-Server, SQL development and TOADKnowledge of version and revision control practices and procedures (SVN/GIT preferred)Working knowledge of Software Configuration Management and Source Control tools such as GIT, SVN, etc., with actual experience utilizing Forge a major plus
We are in search of a Business Development  Coordinator to support a Business Development team,  including assisting with managing communications with retail partners,  analyzing performance data and supporting overall growth and success of our  businesses. The ideal candidate is analytical, organized, extremely  detail-oriented, sharp, motivated and a hard worker who turns around tasks and  projects quickly yet thoughtfully. The Business Development Coordinator will be  integrated into a large start-up environment and work directly with various  teams, including Editorial, Marketing, Accounting and Engineering. Essential  duties and responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:  • Communicate with retailer partners, digital agencies,  and affiliate network representatives  • Support a Business Development Team in executing  placements and monitoring performance of key retail partners  • Map out monthly promotion plans for retailers and  execute sold partnerships by trafficking ads, scheduling placements, and  liaising with internal teams  • Communicate executed placements and associated  performance with retailers  • Work with other Business Development Coordinators and  editorial team to manage and schedule social media, email, editorial, and other  placement calendars  • Report on changes in communication response time,  retailer traffic and revenue, and turnaround time for technical issues  • Communicate weekly/monthly data findings to internal  teams to drive business strategy, and to outside retailer partners to help  build and optimize partnerships Qualifications • Bachelor’s degree or equivalent  • 1-2 years of experience in related industry  • Self-motivated and passionate  • Highly organized with a strong attention to detail  • Ability to multi-task and meet tight deadlines  • Exceptional written and oral communication skills  • Proven ability to collect, analyze, and present data  • Proficient with Microsoft Office, in particular Excel  • Strong aptitude and desire to learn new techniques and  tools  • Interest and knowledge in the fashion, commerce and/or  tech space a plus  Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted  through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Ebates are  considered property of Ebates and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 Location: Minnetonka, MN, USA Job ID (Req #): 2389 # of Openings: 1 Description Founded in 1994, Digital River is recognized as a leading global provider of Commerce-as-a-Service solutions. Companies of all sizes rely on Digital River’s multi-tenant, SaaS commerce, payments and marketing services to manage and grow their online businesses. Digital River has helped companies process more than $30 billion in online transactions, connecting B2B and B2C digital products and cloud service companies as well as branded manufacturers with buyers across multiple devices and channels, and nearly every country in the world.  We are fortunate at Digital River to work with some of the e-commerce industry’s brightest talent. We have professionals on the ground in nearly every region of the world, including North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Our employees are experts in e-commerce, e-marketing, creative site design and merchandising, global tax and compliance laws, fraud prevention, international payments and more. To attract and retain the best-of-the-best, we invest a great deal of time and effort in creating a community that people want to be part of and high performance culture where they can grow.  Momentum is what we have and growth is our plan. We are looking for people who are energized by making an impact, having autonomy in their work and who want the ability to look back at what they have accomplished and say “wow.” If you are someone who loves being part of a team that is more like a family and likes to work for companies at the top of their game, join Digital River.  We are seeking an up-and-rising Software Engineer in our Minnetonka, MN office.  As a member of the development team for a leading, large-scale E-Commerce web application you will design, code, and unit test new features and modifications. You will be expected to quickly become proficient in the existing system and development environment. As a software engineer, you must be willing to help flush out loosely defined requirements while implementing solutions. You will be expected to implement projects in a timely manner, in conformance with coding standards and in compliance with defined specifications. You will be able to consistently follow existing patterns and implement new ones when appropriate.  Digital River is looking for individuals that have an exemplary work ethic. Successful candidates must have a proven ability to work cooperatively and effectively both independently and as a member of a team. Successful candidates will have the "Get it Done Right" attitude. What You’ll Do:Design, code, and unit test new features and modificationsImplement projects in a timely manner in conformance with coding standards and in compliance with defined specificationsTriage, re-factor, and troubleshoot issues found within the code baseCommunicate effectively in a fast-paced work environmentDevelop robust, reliable, well-tested softwareResearch data quality issuesWhat You’ll Need to Succeed:4+ years software development experience3+ years object oriented analysis and design3+ years programming experience in Java2+ years SQL experience, Oracle preferred2+ years developing in a Unix / Sun OS / Linux environment1+ years experience persistence frameworks such as JDO or Hibernate1+ year experience in Spring Boot, RESTful and SOAP Web servicesExperience with GIT or other source control toolsExperience with Spring, Struts, or related presentation tier technologyExperience coding JSPExperience with HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, and CSSExposure to AJAX, XML related technologies (XML, XSD, XML Schema, XSLT, XPath)Experience building web applications in an object oriented development environmentExperience working in Agile/SCRUM environmentsKnowledge/Skills:Excellent written and verbal skillsComfortable in a fast-paced environmentProven ability to deliver results in a complex, large development projectsEffective and efficient time management and problem solving skillsAbility to influence others in support for a common goalAbility to translate business requirements into a technical design that can be understood and implemented by a cross-functional teamStrong team contribution and interaction; positive team memberAble to take several assignments at the same time and manage development activities according to priorities and schedulesEducation/Certifications:B.S. Computer ScienceJava certification(s), desiredWHY DIGITAL RIVER: Digital River provides numerous benefits to our employees. On-site benefits include:  Free Parking Cafeteria and Starbucks Coffee Workout facility and group fitness classes Monthly bring-your-dog-to-work days Recreation area with foosball, pinball, and table tennis Pond hockey games in the beautiful Digital River backyard Friday social hour Casual work environment with friendly faces Other benefits include: Digital River In Action, an employee volunteer organization aiding those in need in the Twin Cities area The Green Team, a resource acting in support of an environmentally conscious workforce Competitive benefits package to full time employees:  401(k) plan Medical-dental-vision and life insurance Paid short and long-term disability Holiday and vacation days Digital River supports and embraces a diverse workforce as an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. RESPECT | INTEGRITY | CUSTOMER CENTRICITY | INNOVATION | GLOBAL PERSPECTIVE | ACCOUNTABILITY Are you a returning applicant?Previous Applicants:Email:Password: If you do not remember your password click here. Back to Search Results New Search
The Challenge The Adobe Mobile Experience team is looking for an individual with a strong understanding of test automation to come contribute to our automation strategy. This position will spend the majority of the time writing code/programming and working directly with developers. We operate in a microservices environment where we want to release fast and often, so a good automation environment is crucial.  What you will do: Work on the development of testing frameworks, testing tools, API tests, UI automation for the Adobe Mobile Experience features, which may include mobile SDKs, services, and web applications.Create, scale and maintain test automation strategies using tools such as JUnit, Selenium/Protractor, TestNG, Appium, SoapUI.Contribute to the maintenance and expansion of our continuous integration (CI) environments.Identify and address reliability, serviceability, availability, performance and scalability issues.Read, understand and review code written by other team members.Identify and leverage existing tools and test materials from other Adobe QE teams.Identify coverage gaps and find different ways of testing a feature to increase test coverage.Isolate automation failures and track down complex bugs.Design creative approaches to solve technical challenges with data validation and integration scenarios.Communicate effectively with developers and other quality engineers.Be an advocate for customers and recommend features and fixes that improve their workflows.Mentor other team members on test automation. What you will need to be successful: Graduate with B.S. / M.S. in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent industry experience.5+ years experience with automation test suites and programming languages needed to drive them.Knowledge of object oriented programming, along with requisite coding and debugging skills.Ability to write well-structured and documented code.Excellent problem solving and diagnostic skills, some experience troubleshooting.Ability to research and learn new technologies and methodologies, and discuss them within the team.Understanding of mobile applications and mobile application development.Experience with cross-browser, cross-platform and mobile device testing.Experience with Java, JavaScript, Objective C, or other programming languages.Experience with continuous integration environments.Strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.Ability to understand complex technical information.Git/Docker experience or knowledge helpful.Self-starter and able to work independently.Willingness to take initiative.Team player At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists. You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.  If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer.  Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.
 OSI is a fast-paced and dynamic software company and a leader in providing open high-performance automation solutions to utility industries worldwide. We have an immediate need for a highly professional and career-oriented Software Engineers that will work to create real-time applications for mission critical control systems. These systems interact via a client/server model to provide visualization and manipulation of complex real-time data. Are you eager for a unique opportunity where you will not only continue to improve your development skills but also be a part of engineering a technically challenging and impactful product? Hungry for the opportunity to share your ideas in an open environment and be inspired by the creativity and ingenuity of others? The engineering environment at OSI (www.osii.com) is a collaborative space where ideas for product improvements and contributions aren't just welcomed and encouraged, but expected.WHAT YOU'LL BE DOINGAs a Software Engineer you will work on a small team enhancing and expanding current products as well as participate in the development of new products and technologies.Software Engineers will have both code and skills challenged and will grow and learn daily – an incredible opportunity to grow your skills and experience in parallel with the company's growth. We need our engineers to be versatile and always eager to tackle new problems as we continue to push technology forward.Successful candidates will be able to thrive in a fast-paced environment, demonstrate initiative and make impactful contributions in product development. They will also possess a strong work ethic, good team participation, and proficient communication/documentation skills, with the ability to prioritize, multitask, and keep projects organized, on track, and moving forward.YOU'LL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR Working closely with the Software Development team and Product Managers on the enhancement and development of OSI’s products. Actively contributing ideas for product improvements and solutions to technology challenges. Showing a passion for continued learning, staying abreast of new technology and trends. Delivering clean code supporting consistent user experience and product quality.SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Electrical/Computer/Software Engineering. 0-5 years development experience. Must have C and/or C# development skills plus experience in one or more of the following: C++, Java, Python, or other. Experience with the following:o Database: MSSQL, MySQL, Oracle, and/or Cassandrao IDE: Visual Studio, Eclipse, and/or NetBeanso Analysis Tools: ANT, CUnit, JUnit, FxCop, and/or PREfasto Source Version Control: CVS, Git, and/or Subversion Experience with Windows and Linux Platforms  Excellent project management skills; in other words, be self-directed and capable of working effectively in a deadline-driven environment. Excellent communication and writing skills, and the ability to facilitate your own meetings as necessary. Good design and debugging skills. Strong initiative to find creative solutions to problems. Confident enough to contribute ideas and solutions, but humble and self-assured enough to honor and support the ideas of others.WANT TO IMPRESS US?Resumes and cover letters are great, but we're much bigger fans of real world examples and work that you can or may have already done. You will immediately get our attention if you add any of the following to your resume/cover letter when you contact us: If you contribute to open source; make sure to include your github/bitbucket profile and/or google code projects. Bonus points for telling us what excites you about wanting to work at OSI.APPLY TODAYOSI offers a comprehensive benefit package to our full-time regular employees. Benefits include flexible work hours, health, dental, life and disability insurance, 401(k) matching, bonuses, profit sharing and a generous amount of paid time off and paid holidays. Additional perks include free beverages, employee events, fitness discounts, casual attire daily, employee referral bonus programs, and monthly birthday and anniversary celebrations. Check out our Life at OSI Facebook page to see more.As an employee of OSI you will have access to cutting edge technologies in a fun, professional, positive and dynamic work environment. We have excellent opportunities for growth and development. To join our successful team, apply below.Please forward your resume, cover letter and any salary expectations via email to: jobs@osii.com with the job title Software Engineer in the subject line.Equal Employment Opportunity/Women/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
 Klearwall triple pane windows and doors are engineered with European innovation and constructed using the highest quality materials. Triple glazing of windows and doors is increasing in importance as the USA becomes more energy conscious in its approach to construction. Passive House components are an important development in this process due to their low energy features. An important aspect of Passive Houses are Passive House windows and Passive House doors. All Klearwall Passive House windows are certified by the Passive House Institute, Germany, and are suitable for all types of Passive House and non-Passive House buildings. Location: - You will primarily be servicing the South Jersey/Pennsylvania market but travel outside this area will be required Package: Salary: On-target earnings (OTE) $100k  Healthcare, Dental + Vision, Healthcare Savings Account Benefits  Mileage, laptop, phone, 21 days vacation + public holidays, Maternity leave, Paternity leave Area Sales Representative Job Responsibilities: Build market position by locating, developing, defining, negotiating, and closing business relationships in your defined geographical area. There will be travel outside this area required at times. Area Sales Representative Job Duties:Listening to customer requirements and presenting appropriately to make a sale;Maintaining and developing relationships with existing customers in person and via telephone calls and emails;Cold calling to arrange meetings with potential customers to prospect for new business;Responding to incoming email and phone inquiries;Acting as a contact between a company and its existing and potential markets;Gathering market and customer information;Representing the company at trade exhibitions, events and demonstrations;Negotiating on price, costs, delivery and specifications with buyers and managers;Advising on forthcoming product developments and discussing special promotions;Creating detailed proposal documents, often as part of a formal bidding process which is largely dictated by the prospective customer;Reporting to Senior Management on sales and potential opportunities in your area;Reviewing your own sales performance, aiming to meet or exceed targets;Gaining a clear understanding of customers' businesses and requirements;Following up with customers for payment;Doing Quality-Control on products delivered;Attending team meetings and sharing best practices with colleagues in East Williamsburg, Brooklyn.This role will require 1 week of training in Ireland and a further 6 weeks of training in the USA.Please send your resume and cover letter explaining your qualifications and why you should be the candidate selected for this position to resume@klearwall.com
We are looking to hire up to three experienced Senior Natural Software Developers to perform various system analysis and programming activities to help balance the on-going operational and legislation implementation workload of the current mainframe system for a client that concurrently undergoes a large Pension Solution replacement project which includes bridging between their new and current system.  We are urgently looking for up to three experienced Senior Natural Software Developers for full-time contract-to-hire employment in West Sacramento, CA. BACKGROUND The developers will be working on a project with functions including, but are not limited to, contribution reporting and collections, crediting service, member demographic information maintenance, service credit purchases, benefit application processing, benefit calculation, benefit payroll, third party deductions and disbursements, tax reporting, receivables and collections, correspondence and statement generation, and event tracking. In addition, the system supplies extracted data to a data mart that is used for actuarial purposes. The account has also implemented the SAP Enterprise Resource Planning software. This software provides general ledger, investment accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable, asset management, travel management, cash management, supplier management, cost accounting and project accounting functions.  The project is well underway with a goal of implementing a new pension administration system.  We are seeking Senior Natural Software Developers with knowledge of pension or financial mainframe systems. The selected Senior Natural Software Developers will perform various system analysis and programming activities related to the following mainframe pension system services: 1) Resolution of Incidents, 2) Resolution of Data Change Requests (DCR), 3) Analysis, extraction, and deliverables for Information Requests (IR), 4) Implementation of small to large sized system enhancements, 5) Data Preparation and reconciliation between the current and future pension administration system, 6) Interfacing/Bridging between the current and new system, and 7) Conversion efforts between the current and future pension administration system. The delivery of these services requires expert skills in business requirement analysis, system design, functional and technical specification documentation, programming/coding, and testing. The Natural Software Developers will be responsible for following the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology for development activities while working with a variety of business areas. The Respondent, must meet all of the following minimum qualifications to be given further consideration.Minimum Technical Qualifications as evidenced by their resume:At least ten (10) combined years of experience of which three years of the ten (10) years are the most recent working in a Natural/Adabas development environment programming system enhancements and performing system maintenance.At least ten (10) years of hands-on experience following a structured System Development Life Cycle (SDLC).At least three years of demonstrated experience working as a Natural developer within a pension or financial system.Desirable Technical Qualifications- It is desirable for the proposed project person to have the following listed experience, knowledge, skills and abilities as evidenced by their resume: Experience in a Natural Construct technical environment programming system enhancements, maintenance, etc. at a pension system.Experience with conversion of data from Adabas to SQL Server.Experience with interfacing/bridging of multiple systems including Natural/Adabas.Experience with and knowledge of Job Control Language (JCL).Self-starter with proven ability to work both in a team environment and independently.Excellent oral communication skill and technical writing skill.
 What You'll Do  Cisco seeks a Software Engineer to define, design and build a flexible, scalable framework for your new data center network with Cisco Nexus Switches. In this role, you will have the opportunity to learn a wide range of the core Layer 2 technologies. This is an excellent opportunity to join Cisco's latest acquisition in the Data Center space. The job involves working on a cutting edge storage product. We are looking for candidates who strive in a fast paced start like environment. The work involves design and development in customized networking environment for some key system software. You will be part of a fast paced team responsible for delivering quality code for large complex systems requirements.  Participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation data center switch product family, with emphasis in the layer 2 protocols area. Define, architect, design, and deliver new software protocols and features for the Nexus platform. Work also involves providing constant feedback to hardware and software teams for improvements. Write complete functional and design specs Who You'll Work With  Insieme is developing the Nexus 9000 line of data center and cloud switches that feature application awareness to make the network infrastructure flexible and agile for dynamic response to application needs and virtual machine workload mobility. Insieme also developed a 40G Ethernet transceiver designed to drastically lower the price of 40G optics to better compete with other competitor switches.  The Team  The future of networking with ACI is about providing a network that is deployed, monitored, and managed in a fashion that supports DevOps and rapid application change. ACI does so through the reduction of complexity and a common policy framework that can automate provisioning and managing of resources.  As we realize our globalization strategies and move in to new markets, our diverse, inclusive culture also creates a competitive advantage for Cisco. It ensures we have the fresh ideas and execution capabilities and the local knowledge we need to best serve our customers and build our presence around the globe. By gaining a better understanding of the world and the differences in its people we can change the way it works, lives, plays, and learns Who You Are  You have three plus years of experience with embedded Software experience.  Three to ten years of overall software experience.  In depth platform, drivers, kernel experience. Python Scripting knowledge Well versed in Layer-2, Layer-3 and Multicast networking protocols. Knowledge on VxLAN is a plus. Layer 2 protocol experience in Ethernet switching and QoS is a plus. Strong C programming skills.BSCS/CE is required MSCS/CE is preferred. Desired Skills: If you have experience with any of the following areas it is a plus:  RTOS embedded experience ( VxWorks, PSOS, Linux OS).  Hands on experience on switch/router embedded system software development.  Strong problem solving and software  Experience w/ IP routing protocolsWhy Cisco  We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren't afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.  We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  We Are Cisco. LI-KS1
We currently have an opening for a Microsoft Systems Engineer in the Charleston, SC area.Microsoft Systems Engineer - Atlas Technologies, a rapidly-expanding company supporting the US Military and other Government entities, is seeking a passionate, flexible, highly-motivated team player to join our group of Information Technology professionals. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:Provide engineering and technical analysis integral to the upgrades/modifications to DoD systems.Provide in-depth research and analysis of issues.Provide in-depth knowledge and technical expertise in the areas of design, installation, maintenance, and support of multiple operating systems and technologies.Respond to service requests and Engineering Change Requests (ECR).Prepare technical briefs to present to engineering and/or government review teams.Position Requirements:Must be a US CitizenMust possess or be able to obtain and maintain a Department of Defense (DoD) Secret Level Security ClearanceCurrent Security+ certificationDesired: Microsoft certification (i.e., MCIT, MCSA, MCSE, etc.)Desired: Microsoft System Center ExperienceDemonstrated ability to effectively install, configure and administer in a multi-system and/or multi-application environment.Must have strong documentation and oral communication skills to clearly communicate will all levels of users, engineers, managers and organizationsAbility to work with others in a highly collaborative environmentStrong documentation and oral communication skillsAbility to multi-task and balance multiple goals and prioritiesSelf-Motivated, strong work ethic and commitment to qualityA passion for learning, IT, and/or IAMust have credible work performance in the following areas:Learning Always learning new technologies and techniquesTeaching Always teaching and mentoring each other and our customersPassion Always passionate about the work we do and our VisionFlexibility- Always finding ways to get the job doneEducation/Certification Requirements:BS degree in Engineering or Physical Science.6 years of experience in relevant technical field, to include: Systems Analysis, Systems Architecture, Systems/Equipment Support, Test and Evaluation, and Logistics support of C5ISR requirements.3 years working knowledge of DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, VLAN management, etc. Note: Experience may be concurrent.3 years working knowledge and experience with Microsoft products such as Exchange, IIS, SMS, System Center, etc. Note: Experience may be concurrent.3 years working knowledge and experience in virtualization and shared storage. Note: Experience may be concurrent.Preference for experience with Navy or DoD systemsAtlas Technologies, Inc. is an innovative provider of leading edge Information Technology (IT) solutions to Government and industry partners. Our primary focus and experience covers network integration, cybersecurity, software development, engineering, and management. At Atlas, we take pride in our highly experienced and driven employees who share our Core Values and our Vision of merging technology with integrity to create a positive impact for our clients, community and country. Atlas offers a highly competitive salary and benefits package including: Medical/Dental/Vision, Life & Disability Insurance, Paid Time Off/Holidays, 401k, Education Assistance, Charitable Matching, Wellness Program, Flex Time, Employee Recognition and Ancillary Benefits.Atlas is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status. Visit us a to apply and join our growing team of professionals.
 State Street needs to develop a comprehensive counterparty classification framework to support credit monitoring reporting and regulatory needs for capital disclosures. This needs to be done while strengthening processes controls and accountability to ensure accurate counterparty data is maintained. A systemic solution will provide added flexibility to allow for more dynamic responses to changing business and risk monitoring needs.  In this role the candidate will:  Develop and maintain test automation processes in alignment with the project and/or organization’s standards and tools. Responsible for designing developing and implementing the long-term automation strategy and framework to increase the regression test suite and reduce regression timelines Develop and maintain automation plans frameworks scripts and metrics for functional regression and integration testing Run daily regression suites and analyze results Report defects to project teams as they are identified Collect and effectively communicate automation execution metrics Participates in daily stand up iteration planning product demos and retrospective meetings Works closely with functional test team to define and maintain automation libraries Candidate must demonstrate a track record for high quality delivery and work in agile environment B.S. Computer Science or related field 5+ years of Quick Test Pro (QTP) and 1+ years of Unified Functional Testing (UFT) experience – creating test automation framework creation and management of object repositories Function Libraries and descriptive programming Demonstrated experience with Agile methodologies Testing automation experience with HP's QTP and UFT (HP's Unified Functional Testing Tool) and other Automation tools to automate Data Centric Applications Experience in Java Script VBScript VB or VC++ Experience in Descriptive programming Experience in Automation of Data Centric Applications Experience designing and developing custom test automation frameworks using Keyword and Data-Driven methodologies Experience in ORACLE SQL and able to write complex SQL Queries Team player Knowledge of financial instruments Risk and Regulatory data and processes Experience in creating either automated Coded UI or UFT/QTP tests This role is part of/in support of the Office of Regulatory Initiatives (ORI); ORI was created to manage complex enterprise risk issues often spanning multiple functions and businesses. ORI is focused on the areas of Capital Planning and Stress Testing; AML; Liquidity; Credit Risk Management; Legal and Compliance Reputational Risk Management; Interest Rate Risk IT and Volcker rule.
 Software Developer (New York #42137) A global investment company is looking to fill a Software Developer position. The company is willing to look at all experience levels. The ideal candidate must have interest in technology and experience working with multiple software programs. Development experience preferred with strong analytical skills. (#42137)

WhySecurityScorecard? At SecurityScorecard, we are revolutionizing the cybersecurity industry with our platform, data, and insights. Weve built a new category of enterprise software, which enables companies to rate and understand the security risk of any company. Our customers span a variety of sectors and use cases, including compliance, cyber insurance, and vendor risk management. We are proud to be backed by Sequoia, Google Ventures, and Moody's.  SecurityScorecard is growing tremendously, and we're looking for people who can contribute to the next phase in our company's development. What makes a successful Scorecarder? Your skills are of course key, but your attitude is equally important. As a Scorecarder, you will commit to working and having fun in a way that exemplifies our S(CORE) values.  As individuals and as a community, we are Solutions Focused, Customer Centric, and operate as One Team. We are Resilient and Embody #SecurityDNA to practice what we preach.  If these values resonate, we'd love to hear from you! About the Role We are seeking a Business Development Associate (BDA) to help drive demand. As a BDA you will be the first point of contact for many of our prospects, and will be responsible for driving curiosity and interest. You will help qualify prospects and uncover sales opportunities, all while learning about our product, our solution, and outbound sales techniques. This the perfect opportunity for anyone looking to launch a sales career in the B2B Tech and CyberSecurity space. Key ResponsibilitiesCommunicate our mission and value with prospective buyersBook meetings with prospects and achieve/surpass your meeting quotaQualify inbounds leadsEvangelize the productKeep our database clean and your prospect data accurateCrush outreach activity (phone and email)Work alongside Marketing and Channel on relevant campaignsAttend occasional events to represent SecurityScorecardMaster your tools (sales enablement software)Research prospective organizations that can benefit from SecurityScorecard's software solutionsIdentify decision-makers in those organizationsApplyifthefollowingmostly soundslikeyou!You own your work and are a self-starterYou identify as a forever learner, always hungry to learn moreYou ask for coaching when neededShameless audacity or high confidence is what you're known forWorkhorse, hustler, scrappy, are a few words that describe your work ethicKnow how to work with urgency (quota is based on quarterly projections)Positive attitude with a "no challenge is too great to overcome" mentalityInsatiable addiction to successSecurityScorecard embraces diversity. We believe that our team is strengthened through hiring and retaining employees with diverse backgrounds, skillsets, ideas, and perspectives. We make hiring decisions based upon merit and do not discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.
 Who We Are  We are a small team of highly visible Software Architects that lead high-level design discussions, ensures architectural alignment across domains and provide technical oversight for SaaS, PaaS and IaaS architectures.  We are continually identifying new opportunities to help meet our customers’ needs and bring innovative solutions to the market, as trusted advisers we collaborate cross functionally with domain subject matter experts, technical leaders and executive stakeholders.  Who You'll Work With  The Core Software Group (CSG) develops software across the routing, switching, and wireless platform portfolio at Cisco. CSG is investing significantly to transform the future of networking for our customers. The Operations Team enables the success of CSG by driving process development and deployment, program management and business operations initiatives.  What You'll Do  In this highly visible role, you will be working alongside some of the senior most engineers in the industry leading in the design, architecture and implementation of broad technical solutions, creating and influencing architectural strategy, lead projects that involve creating technical assets across various division in Cisco and external Partners.  Who You Are?  A successful candidate will bring deep technical and software expertise and ability to work within a fast moving, startup environment to deliver solid code that has a broad business impact. More than any other quality, we are looking for those driven by the challenge of solving unique and difficult technical problems, those who excel when given creative freedom, and those who aren't afraid to dive into new territory (technical or otherwise) and learn something new. You should have a good sense of product design, and be willing to work in small, self-organizing teams. If you are looking to excel in a fast paced environment creating cutting edge network management solutions, this job's for you! At minimum, we require:Ability to engage with senior software architects and customers architects, and capture system requirements into Architecture Specifications10+ years software and architecture experience in a technology based company with 4+ years focused on cloud environments and their supporting infrastructuresStrong experience of cloud infrastructure like Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud and all supporting technologies such as EC2, S3, Kubernetes, Docker and Elastic Search • Experience in the design and development of cloud-native scaled out and distributed applications that leverage micro service architecture, REST APIs, relational and NoSQL stores, strong tooling, monitoring, and cloud management experienceStrong knowledge of core software technologies and fundamentals – specifically for large-scale distributed systems – and building highly available services.Technical Experience for integration of automation frameworks across SaaS enterprise solutions though demonstrated experience developing integration infrastructure or cloud service brokers through APIs and understanding of the full agile lifecycle application development.Lead and deliver platform security related strategy initiatives based upon an understanding of current security trendsMust be familiar with not only popular open source technology, such as NoSQL DB, message bus, configuration tools, monitoring & analytics tools, etc, but also full stack development frameworks from front end GUI to restful API to middleware to backend DB access. Understand the pros and cons of each technology, and clearly know how to select at different scenario.Strong knowledge of key infrastructure technologies such as: Database (Oracle, Postgres, MySQL. Big Data and NOSQL Databases like Cassandra, Elastic Search, Mongo. In Memory DB like Timesten, Redis, Dynomite) • Able to learn complex technologies quickly, work in a fast-paced, team-driven environmentDeliver results in a short time and experience working in fast paced high growth tech companies with the ability to take up variety of roles in a startup environment Why Cisco  We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. We do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  We Are Cisco.#LI-Mw1
 Req #: 6252 # of openings: 1 DescriptionWould you like to perform rewarding work while contributing to the success of an established, growing company?Pragmatics, Inc. is seeking a Software Developer to support the USSOCOM DCGS-SOF program at MacDill AFB in Tampa FL.  As a Software Developer, you will perform the following tasks: Write, modify, and debug web and service-oriented architecture (SOA) applicationsDesign and develop critical components of the solution, including but not limited to, custom data adapters, application interfaces, and security layersCreate custom data parsers for import and export of data resources in various formatsCreate Use Case Analysis Unified Modeling Language (UML) designs based on documented system requirementsWork closely with Systems Analysts, Subject Matter Experts, Data Architect, Integrator, and Technical Lead in support of the design and development of technologies to support integration needs with external and internal systemsEmploy best practices for design, development,unit testing and test plan development; actively participate in acceptance testingParticipate in Scrum meetings, sprint planning, and sprint demosRequired Skills1 - 4 years of experience with software or web development application development, and software integrationActive development experience with JavaScript, Web Services, and REST APIsFamiliarity with XML and JSON formats and schemasFamiliarity with Agile development methodologyFamiliarity with NoSQL database administration and designDesired SkillsAbility to independently and as a member of a team resolve software problemsDetail oriented and organized; able to drive solutions using the SDLCTeam player able to work with a project manager, solutions architect, other developers, and customersNoSQL database experienceXQuery experienceExperience with Angular, Ember, or Meteor JavaScript frameworkEducation and Years of ExperienceBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or a related technical field and2 – 4 years of relevant experienceSecurity ClearanceMust be able to obtain a U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) Secret Clearance (U.S. citizen with NO dual citizenship; NO criminal record)Company Overview Join an established and reliable mid-tier government contractor with a reputation for excellence.  For over 30 years, Pragmatics, Inc. has provided state-of-the-art technology services and solutions to the federal government. We have diverse contracts with both Defense/Intelligence Agencies and Federal/Civilian agencies.  We provide Software Engineering, Agile Business Intelligence and Analytics, Audio Visual and Learning Technologies, Cybersecurity, Systems Engineering, Independent Verification and Validation, IT Service Management, Program Management, and Transportation Solutions.  We have been externally appraised at SEI CMMI® Level 5 and are ISO 9001, ISO/IEC 27001, and ISO/IEC 20000-1 certified. Pragmatics strives to provide the highest level of customer satisfaction, as well as rewarding careers for our employees, who are hardworking, enthusiastic, and dedicated to superior performance. We encourage you to find out more about our company and our benefits at: www.pragmatics.com. Pragmatics is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Minorities, Women, Veterans and Disabled. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of a disability. Are you a returning applicant?Previous Applicants:Email:Password: If you do not remember your password click here. Back to Search Results New Search
 WAND is seeking an experienced Software Developer to build cutting edge applications for the restaurant industry. We are seeking an individual who gets excited about developing distributed applications utilizing some of the latest technologies available today working to change an entire industry. If you enjoy working in a team environment with wicked smart engineers and product managers in a fast-moving atmosphere, we urge you to learn more about WAND. Do youLove building distributed applications that have a real impact on users' day-to-day lives?Want to use cutting edge tools such as AngularJS, TypeScript, C#, Cordova and Electron?Enjoy building applications that are intuitive to use, easily convey information, and bring delight to the customer?Enjoy taking these technologies and applying them in exciting new ways?Love clean, functional and well thought through code? If so, WAND may be the place for you! What you will be doingWorking with a high performing agile team to build brand new set of on premises, web and mobile applicationsWorking closely with our Product and UI/UX team members to ensure design and develop a system that will deliver the best value and usability to our customersBuild unit and automated tests to ensure the software stays defect free as it evolves over timeKey Traits and ExperienceBachelor's Degree or equivalent experience.5+ Years of software development experience utilizing languages including JavaScript, C# or similarExperience with TypeScript, jQuery, AngularJS, KnockoutJS or other JavaScript frameworksExperience with cross platform frameworks such as Electron and CordovaSignificant experience working with JSONExperience working with SQL databases such as MS SQL and MySQLExperience working with NoSQL database engines a plusExperience developing highly transactional web applications Ability to understand user stories, and sound business analysis skills to understand both the process flow and data flow that defines an applicationA Team Player who shares our core values of Integrity, Commitment, Positive Attitude and Drive.An Entrepreneurial SpiritPassion and drive for building high quality and very cool software! WAND Corporation is the industry leader in restaurant technology working with some of the most well-known, world-class brands today. Our vision is to revolutionize worldwide restaurant operations through technology, services, and data. Our technology is used in over 70 of the largest restaurant brands today. If you enjoy an aggressive, technology-oriented, results-driven culture, we encourage you to learn more about WAND. WAND was nominated by Minnesota Business Magazine as one of the Top 100 Companies to Work For. To learn more, please visit our Careers page at http://www.wandcorp.com.
 Nvoicepay’s state-of-the-art technology is boldly changing payments by providing straightforward, flexible interface that automates payment optimization – which saves our customers money and valuable resources. Our growing business offers our team exciting challenges and opportunities to develop, collaborate and create daily. We hire team players who want to be part of something exceptional and are looking to focus on the customer and innovative solutions.  SENIOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPER  Development • Nvoicepay Headquarters, Beaverton, OR (this is not a remote job/no relocation package offered) ROLE DESCRIPTION  The Senior Software Developer is responsible for implementing cloud-based desktop, web, and mobile solutions with Microsoft’s Windows Azure Cloud Computing Technology. The ideal candidate will have a deep knowledge of the Microsoft.NET technology stack be a self-motivated, technically-adept team player. It is important that they be a creative, solutions-based programmer with strong communication, collaboration and development skills who takes great pride in their work.  REQUIRED SKILLS 5+ years of .NET C# and web development experience requiredBachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience requiredExcellent skills in Microsoft technologies, including C#, ASP.NET, Microsoft .NET FrameworkExcellent skills in JavaScript, Ajax, jQuery, CSS, CSS3, and HTML5, XML, SOAP, REST API, Web ServicesSkills in database technologies (Microsoft SQL Server or Oracle) including database development (T-SQL or PL/SQL)Ability to reach synergy with development team  PREFERRED SKILLSExcellent knowledge of web architectural and design patternsSolid working knowledge of current technologies including object-oriented analysis and design practices (object modeling, use cases, activity diagrams, and UML).Azure StorageAzure PaaS HostingASP.NET MVCExpression BlendWP7/MonoTouch/MonoAndroidPayment Industry ExperienceKnowledge of SDLC methodologies (Agile, CMM, Scrum, Lean, etc.)  QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years of development experience  Demonstrated team focus that drives you to forward-thinking process and solutions  Strong communication skills (both verbal and written), and ability to effectively work within a team  Requires strong technical, people and solution-evaluation skills and knowledge of security best practices  WORKING FOR NVOICEPAY  Nvoicepay is a profitable, growing company that values people. We offer a many perks outside of the challenging and satisfying work– a new facility near Portland, Oregon; competitive pay and paid benefits; generous time off policy; flexible dress code; snack and drink pantry; and much more. Our environment is comfortable and welcoming with many common areas and the ability to communicate and solve problems across departments. We are proud of the work we do to help other companies but also value work-life balance.  Nvoicepay is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, ancestry, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class.
 Responsibilities & Requirements. Undergraduate degree in electrical engineering or software engineering.4+ years of work experience with Control systemsProficient in Rockwell Automation and Siemens Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) programmingExperience working with Human Machine Interface (HMI)Proficient manual electronic skills such as soldering, insulation and wiring, splicing, and component selection 2+ years of experience in a programing language such as C++, C# or Python.
 Cloudlock was launched in 2011 with one simple goal in mind: to transform cloud security into a business enabler. From that initial goal, we’ve built out a unified cloud security platform that helps organizations protect their sensitive data in public cloud applications such as Google’s G Suite, Salesforce, Dropbox, Box, ServiceNow, and many others. After being acquired by Cisco in August 2016, Cloudlock now is part of the Cisco Cloud Security Business Unit, and remains a cohesive, dynamic and highly motivated team headquartered in an amazing office right on the water at the Waltham Watch Factory in Waltham, Massachusetts, with remote offices in London and Israel. We’re less than a mile from the Waltham T-stop on the Commuter Rail and the bus from Riverside station stops right in front of the office, so getting here is a snap! The cloud is our passion and cloud security is our mission. Cisco is one of the largest security companies in the world, with solutions ranging from Next-Generation Firewalls to Advanced Malware Protection and DNS-layer security. As part of Cisco, the opportunities are endless as we continue to redefine cloud security.  We are at the intersection of two very hot high tech sectors, Cloud and Security. If you're as excited as we are about helping to shape the future of both, come join us!  Right now we’re looking for a technical software development manager to lead highly talented devops teams. We work in a fast-paced environment, so if rolling up your sleeves, multitasking, and staying on top of projects is what you look forward to in your work, we want to talk to you.  Responsibilities Manage a talented team of engineers working on data storage, data processing and system operations related projectsWorking with teams to deliver high quality technology SaaS solutions that address business needs and operate within a tight security perimeters.Play the role of a hands-on technical lead on project initiatives as neededCommunicate effectively, while working closely with other groups to coordinate design, development, and testing efforts of assigned application components to ensure the successful delivery of projectsDrive continual process improvement and supporting team efficacy.RequirementsExperience leading a team of Software Developers; 4+ years of experience preferred7+ years experience in software development overallExcellent communication skillsExperience developing high scale, critical, enterprise level SaaS solutionsExperience with Python, Java and/or other object oriented programming languagesExperience working with deployment pipelines (CI/CD)Desire and energy to work in a fast-paced environmentExperience with agile development, devops models or similar methodologies for continuous development of product and technologyExperience planning sprints, removing roadblocks, increasing velocityTest automation, performance knowledge testingBachelor's degree in computer science (or related)Understanding of high availability architecturesDesirable:Project management expertiseCloud security expertiseFedramp, SOC-2 or alike experiencePostgreSQL/RDBMS experienceSystem operations knowledge/skillsExperience working with immutable infrastructureMasters degree
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
 About EngilityEngility delivers innovative solutions to critical challenges facing the nation and the world. As a premier provider of integrated services for the U.S. government, we support the Department of Defense, intelligence community, space communities, federal civilian agencies and international customers. Engility is dedicated to making lives better, safer and more secure.DescriptionEngility Corporation is seeking a mid-level Java developer with Java rich client and web application development experience and strong core Java knowledge for an immediate position on a growing program in Indian Head, MD supporting a Naval Surface Warfare Centers contract. The successful candidate will research, design, develop, and/or modify enterprise-wide systems and/or application software.Required Qualifications At least 2 years of recent Java experience.Applicants selected for this position will require an interim DoD Secret security clearance and background screening.Experience with software configuration management processesFamiliar with Software CM documents (such as SPS, SVD, SCMP, etc).Experience performing Software CM functions on a major program of reasonable size and complexityExperience with Microsoft Windows operating systems, Microsoft OfficeWorking knowledge of software configuration management and source control tools such as GIT and SVNKnowledge of PC-based software tools for integration, build, and release of software.Secret ClearanceGood oral and written communication skills.Ability to work collaboratively on multi-disciplinary teamsWillingness to travel occasionally.Degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering, 5+ years of experience could be substituted for degreCOMPTIA Security+ certification withn 3 months of hire.Desired QualificationsAt least 6 years of recent Java experience.Experience using Java technologies-SWT, SWING, RCP, JSP, EJBExperience using Java development tools such as Maven, Eclipse, Ant, Jenson etc.Understanding of Object Oriented Principals and conceptsUnderstanding of design patterns and their applicationsWorking knowledge of both rich client and web application development using current MVC frameworksKnowledge of Oracle 11, MySQL, SQL-Server, SQL development and TOADKnowledge of version and revision control practices and procedures (SVN/GIT preferred)Working knowledge of Software Configuration Management and Source Control tools such as GIT, SVN, etc., with actual experience utilizing Forge a major plus
 Location: Minnetonka, MN, USA Job ID (Req #): 2389 # of Openings: 1 Description Founded in 1994, Digital River is recognized as a leading global provider of Commerce-as-a-Service solutions. Companies of all sizes rely on Digital River’s multi-tenant, SaaS commerce, payments and marketing services to manage and grow their online businesses. Digital River has helped companies process more than $30 billion in online transactions, connecting B2B and B2C digital products and cloud service companies as well as branded manufacturers with buyers across multiple devices and channels, and nearly every country in the world.  We are fortunate at Digital River to work with some of the e-commerce industry’s brightest talent. We have professionals on the ground in nearly every region of the world, including North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Our employees are experts in e-commerce, e-marketing, creative site design and merchandising, global tax and compliance laws, fraud prevention, international payments and more. To attract and retain the best-of-the-best, we invest a great deal of time and effort in creating a community that people want to be part of and high performance culture where they can grow.  Momentum is what we have and growth is our plan. We are looking for people who are energized by making an impact, having autonomy in their work and who want the ability to look back at what they have accomplished and say “wow.” If you are someone who loves being part of a team that is more like a family and likes to work for companies at the top of their game, join Digital River.  We are seeking an up-and-rising Software Engineer in our Minnetonka, MN office.  As a member of the development team for a leading, large-scale E-Commerce web application you will design, code, and unit test new features and modifications. You will be expected to quickly become proficient in the existing system and development environment. As a software engineer, you must be willing to help flush out loosely defined requirements while implementing solutions. You will be expected to implement projects in a timely manner, in conformance with coding standards and in compliance with defined specifications. You will be able to consistently follow existing patterns and implement new ones when appropriate.  Digital River is looking for individuals that have an exemplary work ethic. Successful candidates must have a proven ability to work cooperatively and effectively both independently and as a member of a team. Successful candidates will have the "Get it Done Right" attitude. What You’ll Do:Design, code, and unit test new features and modificationsImplement projects in a timely manner in conformance with coding standards and in compliance with defined specificationsTriage, re-factor, and troubleshoot issues found within the code baseCommunicate effectively in a fast-paced work environmentDevelop robust, reliable, well-tested softwareResearch data quality issuesWhat You’ll Need to Succeed:4+ years software development experience3+ years object oriented analysis and design3+ years programming experience in Java2+ years SQL experience, Oracle preferred2+ years developing in a Unix / Sun OS / Linux environment1+ years experience persistence frameworks such as JDO or Hibernate1+ year experience in Spring Boot, RESTful and SOAP Web servicesExperience with GIT or other source control toolsExperience with Spring, Struts, or related presentation tier technologyExperience coding JSPExperience with HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, and CSSExposure to AJAX, XML related technologies (XML, XSD, XML Schema, XSLT, XPath)Experience building web applications in an object oriented development environmentExperience working in Agile/SCRUM environmentsKnowledge/Skills:Excellent written and verbal skillsComfortable in a fast-paced environmentProven ability to deliver results in a complex, large development projectsEffective and efficient time management and problem solving skillsAbility to influence others in support for a common goalAbility to translate business requirements into a technical design that can be understood and implemented by a cross-functional teamStrong team contribution and interaction; positive team memberAble to take several assignments at the same time and manage development activities according to priorities and schedulesEducation/Certifications:B.S. Computer ScienceJava certification(s), desiredWHY DIGITAL RIVER: Digital River provides numerous benefits to our employees. On-site benefits include:  Free Parking Cafeteria and Starbucks Coffee Workout facility and group fitness classes Monthly bring-your-dog-to-work days Recreation area with foosball, pinball, and table tennis Pond hockey games in the beautiful Digital River backyard Friday social hour Casual work environment with friendly faces Other benefits include: Digital River In Action, an employee volunteer organization aiding those in need in the Twin Cities area The Green Team, a resource acting in support of an environmentally conscious workforce Competitive benefits package to full time employees:  401(k) plan Medical-dental-vision and life insurance Paid short and long-term disability Holiday and vacation days Digital River supports and embraces a diverse workforce as an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. RESPECT | INTEGRITY | CUSTOMER CENTRICITY | INNOVATION | GLOBAL PERSPECTIVE | ACCOUNTABILITY Are you a returning applicant?Previous Applicants:Email:Password: If you do not remember your password click here. Back to Search Results New Search
 OSI is a fast-paced and dynamic software company and a leader in providing open high-performance automation solutions to utility industries worldwide. We have an immediate need for a highly professional and career-oriented Software Engineers that will work to create real-time applications for mission critical control systems. These systems interact via a client/server model to provide visualization and manipulation of complex real-time data. Are you eager for a unique opportunity where you will not only continue to improve your development skills but also be a part of engineering a technically challenging and impactful product? Hungry for the opportunity to share your ideas in an open environment and be inspired by the creativity and ingenuity of others? The engineering environment at OSI (www.osii.com) is a collaborative space where ideas for product improvements and contributions aren't just welcomed and encouraged, but expected.WHAT YOU'LL BE DOINGAs a Software Engineer you will work on a small team enhancing and expanding current products as well as participate in the development of new products and technologies.Software Engineers will have both code and skills challenged and will grow and learn daily – an incredible opportunity to grow your skills and experience in parallel with the company's growth. We need our engineers to be versatile and always eager to tackle new problems as we continue to push technology forward.Successful candidates will be able to thrive in a fast-paced environment, demonstrate initiative and make impactful contributions in product development. They will also possess a strong work ethic, good team participation, and proficient communication/documentation skills, with the ability to prioritize, multitask, and keep projects organized, on track, and moving forward.YOU'LL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR Working closely with the Software Development team and Product Managers on the enhancement and development of OSI’s products. Actively contributing ideas for product improvements and solutions to technology challenges. Showing a passion for continued learning, staying abreast of new technology and trends. Delivering clean code supporting consistent user experience and product quality.SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Electrical/Computer/Software Engineering. 0-5 years development experience. Must have C and/or C# development skills plus experience in one or more of the following: C++, Java, Python, or other. Experience with the following:o Database: MSSQL, MySQL, Oracle, and/or Cassandrao IDE: Visual Studio, Eclipse, and/or NetBeanso Analysis Tools: ANT, CUnit, JUnit, FxCop, and/or PREfasto Source Version Control: CVS, Git, and/or Subversion Experience with Windows and Linux Platforms  Excellent project management skills; in other words, be self-directed and capable of working effectively in a deadline-driven environment. Excellent communication and writing skills, and the ability to facilitate your own meetings as necessary. Good design and debugging skills. Strong initiative to find creative solutions to problems. Confident enough to contribute ideas and solutions, but humble and self-assured enough to honor and support the ideas of others.WANT TO IMPRESS US?Resumes and cover letters are great, but we're much bigger fans of real world examples and work that you can or may have already done. You will immediately get our attention if you add any of the following to your resume/cover letter when you contact us: If you contribute to open source; make sure to include your github/bitbucket profile and/or google code projects. Bonus points for telling us what excites you about wanting to work at OSI.APPLY TODAYOSI offers a comprehensive benefit package to our full-time regular employees. Benefits include flexible work hours, health, dental, life and disability insurance, 401(k) matching, bonuses, profit sharing and a generous amount of paid time off and paid holidays. Additional perks include free beverages, employee events, fitness discounts, casual attire daily, employee referral bonus programs, and monthly birthday and anniversary celebrations. Check out our Life at OSI Facebook page to see more.As an employee of OSI you will have access to cutting edge technologies in a fun, professional, positive and dynamic work environment. We have excellent opportunities for growth and development. To join our successful team, apply below.Please forward your resume, cover letter and any salary expectations via email to: jobs@osii.com with the job title Software Engineer in the subject line.Equal Employment Opportunity/Women/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
We are looking to hire up to three experienced Senior Natural Software Developers to perform various system analysis and programming activities to help balance the on-going operational and legislation implementation workload of the current mainframe system for a client that concurrently undergoes a large Pension Solution replacement project which includes bridging between their new and current system.  We are urgently looking for up to three experienced Senior Natural Software Developers for full-time contract-to-hire employment in West Sacramento, CA. BACKGROUND The developers will be working on a project with functions including, but are not limited to, contribution reporting and collections, crediting service, member demographic information maintenance, service credit purchases, benefit application processing, benefit calculation, benefit payroll, third party deductions and disbursements, tax reporting, receivables and collections, correspondence and statement generation, and event tracking. In addition, the system supplies extracted data to a data mart that is used for actuarial purposes. The account has also implemented the SAP Enterprise Resource Planning software. This software provides general ledger, investment accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable, asset management, travel management, cash management, supplier management, cost accounting and project accounting functions.  The project is well underway with a goal of implementing a new pension administration system.  We are seeking Senior Natural Software Developers with knowledge of pension or financial mainframe systems. The selected Senior Natural Software Developers will perform various system analysis and programming activities related to the following mainframe pension system services: 1) Resolution of Incidents, 2) Resolution of Data Change Requests (DCR), 3) Analysis, extraction, and deliverables for Information Requests (IR), 4) Implementation of small to large sized system enhancements, 5) Data Preparation and reconciliation between the current and future pension administration system, 6) Interfacing/Bridging between the current and new system, and 7) Conversion efforts between the current and future pension administration system. The delivery of these services requires expert skills in business requirement analysis, system design, functional and technical specification documentation, programming/coding, and testing. The Natural Software Developers will be responsible for following the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology for development activities while working with a variety of business areas. The Respondent, must meet all of the following minimum qualifications to be given further consideration.Minimum Technical Qualifications as evidenced by their resume:At least ten (10) combined years of experience of which three years of the ten (10) years are the most recent working in a Natural/Adabas development environment programming system enhancements and performing system maintenance.At least ten (10) years of hands-on experience following a structured System Development Life Cycle (SDLC).At least three years of demonstrated experience working as a Natural developer within a pension or financial system.Desirable Technical Qualifications- It is desirable for the proposed project person to have the following listed experience, knowledge, skills and abilities as evidenced by their resume: Experience in a Natural Construct technical environment programming system enhancements, maintenance, etc. at a pension system.Experience with conversion of data from Adabas to SQL Server.Experience with interfacing/bridging of multiple systems including Natural/Adabas.Experience with and knowledge of Job Control Language (JCL).Self-starter with proven ability to work both in a team environment and independently.Excellent oral communication skill and technical writing skill.
We currently have an opening for a Microsoft Systems Engineer in the Charleston, SC area.Microsoft Systems Engineer - Atlas Technologies, a rapidly-expanding company supporting the US Military and other Government entities, is seeking a passionate, flexible, highly-motivated team player to join our group of Information Technology professionals. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:Provide engineering and technical analysis integral to the upgrades/modifications to DoD systems.Provide in-depth research and analysis of issues.Provide in-depth knowledge and technical expertise in the areas of design, installation, maintenance, and support of multiple operating systems and technologies.Respond to service requests and Engineering Change Requests (ECR).Prepare technical briefs to present to engineering and/or government review teams.Position Requirements:Must be a US CitizenMust possess or be able to obtain and maintain a Department of Defense (DoD) Secret Level Security ClearanceCurrent Security+ certificationDesired: Microsoft certification (i.e., MCIT, MCSA, MCSE, etc.)Desired: Microsoft System Center ExperienceDemonstrated ability to effectively install, configure and administer in a multi-system and/or multi-application environment.Must have strong documentation and oral communication skills to clearly communicate will all levels of users, engineers, managers and organizationsAbility to work with others in a highly collaborative environmentStrong documentation and oral communication skillsAbility to multi-task and balance multiple goals and prioritiesSelf-Motivated, strong work ethic and commitment to qualityA passion for learning, IT, and/or IAMust have credible work performance in the following areas:Learning Always learning new technologies and techniquesTeaching Always teaching and mentoring each other and our customersPassion Always passionate about the work we do and our VisionFlexibility- Always finding ways to get the job doneEducation/Certification Requirements:BS degree in Engineering or Physical Science.6 years of experience in relevant technical field, to include: Systems Analysis, Systems Architecture, Systems/Equipment Support, Test and Evaluation, and Logistics support of C5ISR requirements.3 years working knowledge of DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, VLAN management, etc. Note: Experience may be concurrent.3 years working knowledge and experience with Microsoft products such as Exchange, IIS, SMS, System Center, etc. Note: Experience may be concurrent.3 years working knowledge and experience in virtualization and shared storage. Note: Experience may be concurrent.Preference for experience with Navy or DoD systemsAtlas Technologies, Inc. is an innovative provider of leading edge Information Technology (IT) solutions to Government and industry partners. Our primary focus and experience covers network integration, cybersecurity, software development, engineering, and management. At Atlas, we take pride in our highly experienced and driven employees who share our Core Values and our Vision of merging technology with integrity to create a positive impact for our clients, community and country. Atlas offers a highly competitive salary and benefits package including: Medical/Dental/Vision, Life & Disability Insurance, Paid Time Off/Holidays, 401k, Education Assistance, Charitable Matching, Wellness Program, Flex Time, Employee Recognition and Ancillary Benefits.Atlas is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status. Visit us a to apply and join our growing team of professionals.
 Software Developer (New York #42137) A global investment company is looking to fill a Software Developer position. The company is willing to look at all experience levels. The ideal candidate must have interest in technology and experience working with multiple software programs. Development experience preferred with strong analytical skills. (#42137)
Requisition ID 13148BR Job Title Test Software Development Engineer Location California - LitePoint - Sunnyvale HR-CA100 Employment Category Regular Full Time Duties & Responsibilities As part of the Manufacturing Technology Group, you will be responsible for creating SW test solutions for NPI, production and sustaining engineering. We are looking for an experienced software engineer to manage the functions outlined below. In addition, the role requires interaction with and contributions to other operational engineering areas (e.g., Product Engineering, R&D, Quality, Sustaining, etc.) In addition, the group is involved in the early R&D phase to capture required knowledge while helping new product development. Develop SW test solutions for our manufacturing team that will be used to verify the performance of our wireless test equipment at the board and system levelDevelop and maintain order fulfillment and process management tools, including databases, tracking, reporting, and flow control.Develop diagnostic and debug SW tools for use by engineering, the factory and the field.Continue to improve software infrastructure, automated testing, and efficiencyWork with various internal and external teams to resolve test and production issues, including functional, performance and specification ones.Ability to independently, effectively and methodically resolve system, module, and component issuesAbout LitePoint: LitePoint creates wireless test solutions and services for the world’s most innovative wireless device makers, helping them to ensure their products perform for today's demanding consumers. A leading innovator in wireless testing, LitePoint products come out of the box ready to test the most widely used wireless chipsets in the world. LitePoint works with the leading makers of smartphones, tablets, PCs, wireless access points and chipsets. LitePoint is also at the forefront of testing the burgeoning world of connected devices…the Internet of Things. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, California, and with offices around the world, LitePoint is a wholly owned subsidiary of Teradyne (NYSE: TER), a leading supplier of automation equipment for test and industrial applications. Teradyne had revenue of $1.75 billion in 2016 and currently employs approximately 4,300 people worldwide. Basic Qualifications, Experience, Skills & Education Required Prior experience working in RF NPI and manufacturing environments is desired (including DFT)A good understanding of wireless products and a technical understanding of RF systems a plusPrior experience working on Wi-Fi and/or Cellular systems a plusExcellent troubleshooting, data analysis problem solving and reporting skills are essential. Position Subject to ITAR controls No Relocation Available (Some relocation assistance has been approved for this role) Yes Shift 1st
 What You'll Do You’re extremely motivated Software Engineer and passionate about learning and contributing to the team and the business with "can do" attitude. Strong design/programming ethic. Knowledge of designing large-scale systems in C/C++ environments is helpful.Dedication to Quality: Ability to ensure and commit to a higher standard of quality than usual in the face of time to market pressures.Strong OS fundamentals and networking concepts is a requirement.In-depth experience in designing networking systems with L2, L3 and multicast backgroundResponsibilities: Participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation Campus switching architectures. Define, architect, design, and deliver new software and features for the Campus switching platforms  Day to day activities will involve building new features, understanding features in a competitive product and proposing solutions that work for our platform, writing functional and design specifications, programming, unit and integration testing your code, helping review specifications and code for other software engineers in the team, helping documentation team with the configuration aspects of your feature. Who You'll Work With The Wireless Networking Group (WNG) is the industry leader in enterprise WLAN with a proven track record in building innovative wireless solutions. We are looking for passionate and dedicated Embedded Linux savvy programmers to form the core of a new team delivering service provide features for a key segment of wireless customers.  Do you enjoy spearheading innovation through personal initiative? Would it excite you to be part of a highly motivated best of breed engineering team who is redefining and refreshing the software portfolio for Cisco's Wireless access points? Would you like to challenge yourself in driving a key technology transition in the Wireless Industry while working the market leader? Would you cherish to develop code using the most modern development methods using a test driven development focus? Can you demonstrates the ability to develop software with a system-level focus while understanding the impact of every component, work with minimal supervision, collaborate with a cross-functional team and leverages technical knowledge and project management experience to accomplish the goals. Who You AreYou are a Software engineer with 5+ years of experience with BS/MS in computer systems, software and architecture.Expertise in 802.11 a, b/g, n protocolsUnderstanding of LAN/WAN routing/switching and other network layer protocolsYou possess the aptitude to multi-task in fast-paced environmentYou have at least 3 years of Linux embedded development experienceYou are good with writing distributed platform and system softwareYou are desired to have experienced with board bringup, writing and debugging device driversDeep understanding of Linux and network resource managementYou are an excellent C programmer and possess strong analytical and logical solving skillsYou have experience with CPU/Memory Management/IO and Virtualization technologiesYou have a deep expertise of the network protocol stack, including L2 switching and IP Routing, TCP/IPPrefer strong skills in Python/Perl scriptingDesired Skills:Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, good teammate You should be able to own large portions of the software from a technical perspective Handle multiple tasks at once and work independently with minimal managerial mentorship. Have experience in customer deployment. Strong interpersonal and communication skills.Strong team building skills. This role requires the ability to work across departments and with other teamsBe open to continuous learning and committed to ongoing self-improvement.Initiate and participate in organizational efforts to improve overall group productivity and test effectiveness. Contribute to overall test strategiesWhy CiscoWe connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with rare personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco.  Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
At OnDeck, we improve the worlds economic landscape by changing the way small businesses access capital. We do it in an environment where we celebrate collaboration, but arent afraid of healthy competition; where were serious about our work but dont take ourselves too seriously; and where we are small enough to be nimble but strong enough to make a big impact.As a Software Engineer working in Java at OnDeck, you will:Think critically and interact with product managers and other engineers to design and build features for our decisioning work flows.Work closely with all the technical systems to understand how our loan pipeline works end to end.Participate in improving our build, testing and release processes in technology.Qualifications for success:Strong Java developer with experience building complex system in a professional team environment using Git.Experience with Java web frameworks like Jersey, Spring, Guice and/or DropwizardExperience with Java testing frameworksExperience creating and consuming REST and SOAP web services.Good understanding of event-driven, functional, and object-oriented paradigm.Familiarity with relational database design and high-level framework for database integration.Ability to create and communicate technical design to solve business challenges.Passionate about technology and willing to learn something new.Knowledge of AngularJS, Node.js and front-end testing frameworks a plus.Ability to independently work on a project.Strong verbal and written communication skills.About Us At OnDeck, we make small business a big deal. We care intensely about each other, our company and the customers we serve, and are committed to making every day count.  As the largest online small business lender in the U.S. serving more than 700 different industries, we have been trusted by over 50,000 small businesses by providing them with a term loan or line of credit to help them build a growing and thriving enterprise. Since 2007, weve issued over $7 billion in capital.  Come be a part of a company thats changing the game for small business financing. Why Choose Us Were creating opportunities for small businesses and team members to grow and succeed. We do it in an environment where we celebrate collaboration and arent afraid of healthy competition; where were serious about our work and dont take ourselves too seriously; and where we are small enough to be nimble and strong enough to make a big impact. What we offer you:Medical, dental, vision, and life benefits from day one.Paid/flexible sick-leave, vacations, and holidays so you can take off the time that you need when you need.Up to four months paid parental leave for all new parents. Adoption assistance with reimbursement of up to $5K. We want you to have time to bond with your new bundle of joy.Well match your 401(k) contributions and offer a discount through our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. All to complement your personal financial strategy.We want to help advance your career. Take classes relevant to your job and the first $5K is on us.Enjoy our annual company summer party, holiday party and department quarterly outings.Our partnership with SoFi gives you access to student loan refinancing, personal loans and even mortgages.We work hard, we play hard. Build or join an OnDeck intramural club, group, and/or sports team and be part of our OnDeck Community.Fully stocked kitchens with free snacks & drinks.We also offer 401K Match. Tuition Reimbursement. Paid Parental Leave. Company Outings. Hackathons. Company Sponsored Sports Teams/Clubs. Discounted Gym Membership. Office Learning & Development Training. Awards we've received:WorldatWork, 2017 Seal of DistinctionFortune 50 Best Workplaces for Diversity, 2016Fortune 50 Best Small and Medium Companies to Work For, 2016Fortune 30 Best Workplaces in Finance and Insurance, 2016Built in Colorado, Top 100 Digital Companies in Colorado, 2015, 2016Crains New York Business Fast 50, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016Fortune.com and Great Place to Work 100 Best Workplaces for Millennials, 2015 Fortune/Great Place To Work Great Rated! Peoples Picks: 20 Great Workplaces in Financial Services, 2015Crains New York Best Places to Work, 2013, 2014, 2015Colorado SHRM Best Companies to Work For in Colorado, 2015Forbes Americas Most Promising Companies, 2013, 2014Selling Power Magazine Best Company to Sell For, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016Inc. 500|5000, 2013, 2014As part of our dedication to maintaining an inclusive and diverse workforce,OnDeck provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, OnDeck complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.OnDeck expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of OnDecks employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.**No external recruiters or agents, please.**
Raise your hand if you LOVE ads! Yeah, we feel the same So come be a part of the solution, by joining the team that is changing the face of advertising for the better. Founded by the pioneers of real-time bidding (RTB), The Trade Desk has become the fastest growing demand-side platform (DSP) in the industry by offering agencies and their advertisers a best-in-class technology platform that focuses on delivering meaningful and relevant engagement with consumers.  With integrations into every major advertising exchange, we handle well over 4 trillion requests every month and growing that's more page views and queries than Facebook, Google Search, and Google's entire network of websites combined all serviced in single-digit-ms response times. Are you interested in working with big data? Do you want to push the edges of scale and responsiveness? It doesn't get much bigger or faster than this!  We are looking for full-stack SOA engineers with grit. Every day we're solving problems that have either never been solved before, or have never been solved at this scale. We run our team very fast and very lean, which means every engineer has a high degree of ownership and potential impact and we are looking for candidates with the chops to handle it.  Recently named one of the top 10 most promising companies in America by Forbes Magazine and one of the "Best Places To Work" in the nation by Outdoor Magazine, The Trade Desk offers a culture of "relaxed intensity" one that comes from working alongside one of the most talented teams in our industry, and leading in a race that is ours to lose.  You might be a great fit for The Trade Desk development team if: You are a full-stack SOA engineer / generalist. Experience and (just as important) interest in working in a variety of layers and technologies within a SOA is a must for our team. This includes (walking down the stack): AngularJS SPA development, MVC-based web architecture, external RESTful APIs, distributed (and in our case, highly scaled) request handling services, no-SQL and relational SQL databases, big data processing (e.g. data bus architecture, Hadoop / MPP data warehouse, etc.), and data visualization (e.g. Tableau). Experience in all these layers is not strictly required, but we do like to see experience working in more than one, as well as eagerness to work on projects that might slice through them all (because they often will).You have a track record of significant, specific, and self-directed contributions to large and challenging projects. What we're getting at here is "grit" or "street cred" some proof that this isnt your first rodeo, and you have learned some lessons the hard way.You lead withhumility and confidence. Our engineers have the opportunity (and are expected) to exercise a high degree of leadership and expertise in their daily work, having strongly held and defensible ideas, and advocating for what they believe is right. But they also need to be eager to hear differing opinions, adept at identifying and evaluating tradeoffs, willing to be proven wrong, and quick to walk through fire to help out their follow teammates.You have product-driven software development experience using a modern, object-oriented language. Memory-managed languages are best -- .e.g. C#, Java, Python, Ruby, etc. We do a lot of development in C#/.NET, but specific experience here is not required. *We are hiring for all levels of Software Engineering professionals and highly encourage recent Computer Science graduates to apply.  We also hope you'll take some time to learn more about The Trade Desk and what it's like to work here. Here are a few links to help get you started: Learn more about our mission to transform the global advertising industrySee what it's like to be an engineeron one of the world's most highly scaled Internet applicationsExperience a taste of our global cultureGet to know a few members of our teamRead the Glassdoor reviewsthat got us named one of the top 20 best places to work in North AmericaNOTE: The Trade Desk is hiring for other locations! Check out http://thetradedesk.com/join-us to see what other cities we have open positions in.  The Trade Desk does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firm recruiters. Fees will not be paid in the event a candidate submitted by a recruiter without a contract in place is hired; such resumes will be deemed the sole property of The Trade Desk. The Trade Desk is an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment will be based on merit, competence, performance, and business needs. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local law.
 Description  DSA Inc. is seeking a Software Developer. This is a full time position in Fort Detrick, MD.  Work as part of a team maintaining and upgrading a computer-based communications system in a military environment. Responsible for developing innovative system and software solutions to fulfill system requirements. Able to diagnose and resolve problems reported from operationally deployed systems and to implement and test fixes. Able to work in a controlled environment for delivering software releases. Flexible work hour normally between 8am to 5pm.  A successful applicant to this position will have the drive to solve problems encountered in the development of Linux based database solutions.  Minimum knowledge, skill and abilities Required:JavaScript experienceLinux experienceSelf-driven Team PlayerAbility to multi-task and stay organized in a dynamic environmentExcellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skillsDesired: Node.JS experienceSQL database experienceEducation and Certification:Bachelor of Computer Science degree desired.Must be able to obtain a Top Secret SCI clearance.Must obtain/maintain Security+ certification within six months of employment. Founded in 1963, Data Systems Analysts, Inc. (DSA) has been providing Defense and Federal Government customers' business-driven Information Technology and consulting solutions and services for more than 50 years. DSA's people excel in helping our customers achieve sensitive, mission-critical business goals and objectives. DSA is a 100 percent employee-owned company: every employee has a stake in the success of our company and our customers.  Our culture embraces training and development opportunities that include leadership programs, employee networks, continued education, and much more. We recognize that building expertise in your profession benefits everyone, and our leadership training programs help employees better manage their projects, inspire coworkers and customers to action, and reinforce DSA's guiding principles since 1963.  We also value the unique combination of skills, abilities, aspirations, and backgrounds of every individual — our diversity makes us stronger. We are 100 percent employee-owned through an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP).  DSA employees receive customizable benefits that are highly competitive in each local market: ·  Health, dental, vision, and life insurance ·  Employer-paid AD&D insurance and disability coverage ·  Health saving/flexible spending accounts ·  Paid leave ·  Flexible hours when available ·  Wellness programs and health initiatives ·  Monthly town hall meetings ·  Tuition reimbursement ·  Training opportunities ·  Retirement savings plan ·  Employee stock ownership ·  Team dinner dates that include spouses and the executive team ·  Corporate partner purchasing program ·  Free virtual medical care ·  Healthcare navigation assistance ·  Family events ·  Discount prescription programs where offered ·  Employee rewards and gift card programs ·  Recognition and Milestone Awards ·  Company store for corporate logo merchandise ·  Access to industry tradeshows and conferences ·  Microsoft Gold and Silver Partnership advantages  DSA provides equal employment opportunity for employees and applicants without regard to an individual's protected status; race/ethnicity, color, national origin, ancestry, sex/gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, marital/parental status, pregnancy/childbirth or related condition, religion, creed, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other protected status.  DSA will provide necessary reasonable accommodation to ensure that an individual with a disability who is not able to fully utilize DSA's online job application system is provided with equal opportunity to apply and be considered for all jobs. If you need an accommodation to complete the application process, please email HR@dsainc.com or call 1-877-422-4372.
COMPANY SUMMARY  Twenty-five years ago we launched Kingland with a vision to reinvent the way financial services firms manage risk, compliance, and data.  Founded in 1992, Kingland Systems is an innovative platform-driven solutions provider. Our solutions provide the largest banks, public accounting firms, and insurance companies in the world with the tools and data to manage risk, comply with regulations, and improve their operations. Our clients support the very foundations of the global financial system, helping to ensure fairness, honesty, and transparency on a global stage that generates, monitors, and audits trillions of dollars of financial transactions leading to a better and safer world.  Kingland is unique. While we are based in Iowa, our customers are not. We are an Iowa company with a significant global reach. We provide our employees with the opportunity to "live locally and work globally", combining the Iowa quality of life that we all love, with exciting opportunities to travel the world and work on large projects for large clients.  Kingland is growing. Were looking for individuals who like to tackle big challenges, want to work on mission-critical solutions, as well as desire to make a difference in the world and be rewarded for their effort. Explore all the ways that quality of work meets quality of life at Kingland and launch yourself on an exciting new adventure.  POSITION SUMMARY  Java. Spring. Bootstrap. Gulp. These are just a few of the technologies you'll use as a Kingland software engineer. Meet clients to better understand their complex and challenging problems. Embrace an agile methodology so you can express your developmental creativity. Design solutions using columnar data stores, microservices and cloud architectures, and more. Your work will help reinvent the way the industry manages risk, compliance, and data.  You'll get to tinker with natural language processing and neural networks using spaCy and Keras. We're delivering machine learning to our clients who use it to seek out, identify, extract and update their specific sources for data and events. Every year we're expanding our capabilities as we become a cognitive business.  If you're curious about how technology should work and enjoy solving problems, this is the right space for you. Use your creativity, share your point of view with customers and colleagues, and have enough grit to see the project to its end. It's like a puzzle. You know there are multiple ways to solve it. Every tool will be at your disposal. And you'll be able to test your ideas with experienced professionals in the organization.  MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES Must exhibit qualities of a life-long learner and be able to adapt to changing work demandsEffective organization and time management skillsAbility to handle a dynamic work environment and manage multiple tasks simultaneouslyDesire to grow skills and take on more complex/critical tasksA career desire to consult with clients or lead technical teams is a plusSome travel may be required. Travel may include client visits or travel between Kingland locations depending on team assignment. Travel is expected to be between 0 - 25% POSITION REQUIREMENTS Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering is required BENEFITS Included in the Kingland Career Development Program a guided program consisting of targeted learning opportunities and mentorship to assist you in career growth, personal development and opportunity for promotion and advancement at Kingland Systems.Generous vacation and paid holidays401(k) company match8 hours of paid volunteer time annuallyWellness reimbursement for gym memberships, equipment, and apparelCompany match of up to $1,000 annually for charitable donationsFree on-site covered parking in Ames locationAccess to company dining facility in Clear Lake location
Req ID 95550BR Business Title CNO Principal Software Developer Group MCIS Location USA TEXAS San Antonio Clearance Level Needed Secret Category Cyber Job Duties and Responsibilities  Who we are  The Cyber Operations and Exploitation Solutions Division (COES) of ManTech MCIS is looking for a highly motivated Software Developer - Cyber Operations and Exploitation in the San Antonio, TX area. This is a rewarding and highly challenging position where you will join a team of technical leaders that deliver advanced software capabilities to government organizations. Our customers have high standards, are technically adept, and use our products daily to support their mission of protecting national security.  Our contributions to our customer’s success is driving our growth. Due to this, we’re hiring for all levels of Software Developers. If this opportunity coincides with your passions we’d like to hear from you regardless of where you are in your career.  ManTech is dedicated to hiring the best of the best. Our current employees are highly sought after. Our senior leads are "by name" known within the community. Our alumni have become Chief Technology Officers, founded new companies, and are asked to speak at cyber conferences.  Your Role  Design and develop software solutions that are actively used in the security arena  Works and collaborates within an agile team, but owns the software feature or enhancement through completion.  Engages with the customer or representatives to fully understand the desired functionality and strives to develop the best technical solution.  Expected to actively learn the environment in which the software solution will operate in order to articulate risks and constraints.  Understands their technical strengths and weaknesses, and works well in isolation (with peer review) on areas of strength and seeks subject matter expertise in growth areas.  Has a strong understanding of software and Operating Systems fundamentals and feels comfortable applying knowledge toward development efforts on Windows, Linux, iOS, and Android systems.  Demonstrates solid problem solving and debugging skills to determine the root cause of a software defect.  Able to review and analyze technical documentation from Windows, Linux, iOS, Android, and other products to gain understanding for software solutions that interact with components within these systems.  Your Qualifications 3-5+ years of experience with Python or a similar scripting language (Ruby, Perl) Windows internals and debugging  Strong C skills Experience in delivering quality products and involvement in all phases of the software development process: Idea, Design, Implementation, Delivery, and Support.Experience with the following items is a plus: C/C++, Assembly, Jenkins, Docker, Agile, Continuous Integration, TDD, Test Automation, Windows Administration, and Linux Administration.Exhibit our core values: Passion, Capacity, and Humility. oPassion for the customers and mission we serve  oCapacity to learn and grow into a technical leader  oHumility to learn from others and treat others with mutual respect, and satisfied without public recognition of work Must be a U.S. Citizen and must be able to obtain a Secret government security clearance (current clearance desired but not required). Applicants with the appropriate skills but without a security clearance are encouraged to apply. If you’re the right fit for the job, we’ll make it happen. Applicants will be subject to a government security background investigation. Qualifications Requires Bachelor¿s degree or equivalent and seven to nine years of related experience. Minimum of three years experience in technology/tools specific to the target platforms. Degrees See Qualifications Years of Experience See Qualifications Position Type Full-Time Shift Day Overview For more than 40 years, ManTech employees have been solving complex problems for the national security community. We are comprised of approximately 10,000 talented employees around the world. We adhere to the simple, no-nonsense values on which ManTech was founded more than four decades ago, aligning squarely with the mission objectives of our customers. As our customer base continues to expand and diversify, we continue to diversify our workforce and solutions. Half our employees have a military background, and more than 70 percent hold a government security clearance. As a leading provider of innovative technology services and solutions for the nation's defense, security, space, and intelligence communities; we hold nearly 1,000 active contracts with more than 40 different government agencies.
 EdSource is seeking an experienced Development Manager to support the Executive Director with the growth and development of the organization’s fundraising goals.  Founded in 1977, EdSource is a nonprofit, non partisan organization focusing on key education challenges in California. Its journalism and communications arms “EdSource Today” (www.edsource.org) produces daily content to key influencers, policy makers and education leaders, many of whom say it has become a “must-read” to stay abreast of education in the state. EdSource’s engaged Board of Directors includes leaders from a range of key constituencies, including public education, media and business.  The Development Manager will assist with major fundraising, stewardship, and cultivation efforts; expanding and diversifying EdSource’s funding base, particularly with regard to individual and corporate support. The Development Manager will work closely with the Executive Director, who has extensive experience in fundraising and expects to continue his high degree of participation.  This position is based in Oakland, CA. RESPONSIBILITIES • Work in partnership with the Executive Director and Development Communication Manager to write, edit and submit timely grant requests and reports.  • Manage the current foundation grant portfolio, staying on top of all deadlines and tracking deliverables. • Identify and build a portfolio of new corporate and foundation prospects, developing and implementing plans for cultivation and solicitation.  • Research fundraising best practices and develop new ideas and opportunities to engage with potential donors and stakeholders.  • Develop content and language for collateral materials for donation appeals and giving campaigns  • Ensure that the donor database information is current and accurate. QUALIFICATIONS • Experienced writing or contributing to grant proposals, interim and year-end reports.  • Three to five years fundraising with at least two years of significant experience with major gift level donors preferred.  • Experience in online and corporate sponsorship fundraising is desirable.  • Skilled in working with grant budgets, using Excel, QuickBooks or other accounting software used for financial management.  • Strong working knowledge of donor database management systems.  • Polished oral, written, telephone, and e-mail communication skills; ability to interact with a variety of constituencies, including Board members, donors and staff.  • Proficient in developing direct target email campaigns and use of Constant Contact or other email publishing programs.  • Familiarity with education philanthropy and education issues is preferred but not required; a passion for education is essential.  • Highly motivated self-starter, with proven ability to develop creative solutions.  • Occasional travel for EdSource conference and for funder meetings may be requested. COMPENSATION The salary is commensurate with experience. Benefits include comprehensive health, dental and vision; paid time off of 15 days per year, in addition to 11 paid holidays annually. APPLICATION PROCESS Please submit a resume and a cover letter (required) describing your experience, its relevance to this position, and reasons for your interest in EdSource by January 5, 2018. Also include as a separate document the names and contact information of three professional references. Please address materials to Lanita Pace-Hinton, Deputy Director and send via email to: lpace@edsource.org. Include in the email subject line “Development Manager”.  After an initial review of application materials, selected applicants will be asked to share samples of LOIs, proposals, etc., in addition to meeting for a personal interview.
Job Summary Trove, a software startup in Ann Arbor, MI is looking for a python developer to join our Quality Engineering team. You will be working with application and cloud developers to identify and build systems that help us validate and improve the quality of our products.  We are building end-to-end automated testing into our CI process for our web applications and cloud API's, as well as iOS, Android, desktop apps. Specifically, our main development language is python (3, of course), and we use OCR and computer vision to analyze our UI's in real-time during testing.  If you're passionate about software product quality, automating all the things, good software architecture, and pushing the bounds of what's possible with UI testing, this could be your chance to make an impact at an ambitious startup! Responsibilities Specifically, you will be expected to: Participate in test and quality-infrastructure development to execute on quality deliverables.Work with the design, app, and back-end teams to identify acceptance criteria and testability issuesDemonstrate domain expertise in software components that you developEvaluate individual work for security, quality, and performance via code reviews Generally, we expect you have the ability to fulfill these responsibilities if you have any of the following: A Bachelor's degree and 1+ years applicable experience or3+ years applicable experience orOther equivalent experienceSkills & Requirements To get this job, you must demonstrate an interest in test automation, either for: the mechanics (an application that runs other applications!) orthe end result (finding bugs before users!) You must also possess: 2+ years python development experienceThe ability to explain technical decisions to other developersThe ability to build a complete feature with technical directionBonus points for:Sharing a recent project that was really important / impactful to you.Computer vision experienceMobile or cloud testing experienceFamiliarity with CI systems (such as Jenkins)
Diversity Statement Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information  U.S. Citizenship Required. QualificationsEducation and ExperienceBachelor's degree in Computer Engineering or Computer Science. Educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for more than 3 years applicable work experience. Prior experience with one or more of TerraSim TerraTools, VBS2/VBS3, Presagis Terra Vista and its Plug-ins, ESRI GIS tools, Presagis Creator, Game engines, firsthand experience with terrain database output compilers, and terrain processing is desired.Experience with constructive, virtual or gaming simulation systems is desired.Knowledge, Skills, Abilities Thorough knowledge of coding with Java and/or C/C++ with strong Object Oriented (OO) developmentMicrosoft Visual Studio development environmentDiscipline to work in a CMMI Level III development environmentAbility to communicate highly complex software concepts effectively.Strong knowledge of the principles, practices, and procedures used in software and systems development.Must be US citizen; no dual citizenship allowed.Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a clearance; an active SECRET security clearance is preferred.Responsibilities/QualificationPlay a critical role in preparing today's and tomorrow's Warfighters! Alion is dedicated to helping the Warfighter be ready for challenges they will face on and off the battlefield. We support relevant, realistic training by tying real-world systems to virtual resources in synthetic environments. Join our team of professionals developing accurate representations of the real earth environment that enable Warfighters to train while they fight. At Alion, we are looking for individuals who want an exciting work environment. If you have the experience, skills and enthusiasm, we want people like you, and to develop your talents. Alion is one of the Washington Business Journal's Top 50 Technology Employers in the D.C. region and is one of the Best for Vets Employers per Military Times EDGE.Position SummaryUnder supervision, performs the analysis, design, implementation, unit testing, debugging, integration, maintenance, and documentation of highly complex software applications in support of distinct projects for the Army's Synthetic Environment (SE) Core program. The SE Core program provides the common infrastructure definition and the SE artifacts necessary to enable simulations to participate in the Live, Virtual and Constructive Integrated Training Environment (LVC ITE). Highly qualified candidates will have experience with SE Core and/or SE Core confederate programs, SE runtime formats, and geospatial application experience.Duties and ResponsibilitiesDesigns software, develops executable code, performs unit testing, and integrates software components to meet system requirements for the generation of constructive and virtual geospatial database products in support of large scale simulation efforts. Implements cybersecurity into the design and development of all code as required.Performs as a leading member of an Agile-scrum development team.
Job Description: WANTED: Passion, Confidence, creativity, and your authentic self. This is our sound for success. Bring us these qualities and take your career to new heights.  We are seeking talented individuals to join our growing team. Working with any of our brands offers a challenging and rewarding experience. You'll be part of a team of dedicated professionals applying your vision and talent to the shared goal of helping to fill the world with music.  The purpose of this job is to be the in-house technical expert, providing daily support and vision for the existing Enterprise Resource Planning and Order Management Systems. RESPONSIBILITIES/DUTIESOperate, optimize, and support the ERP environment, including developing new applications and maintaining the integrity of the System through design and development effortsOperate, optimize, and support the Order Management System environmentAnalyze existing solutions and develop an understanding of how to transition them into modern system behaviors.Perform application analysis to determine business requirements and design modificationsPerform gap/fit analysis between multiple in-house applications to fully determine functionality and organizational requirementsDocument functional requirements and software designsWork with end users, management and support staff to identify areas where new applications will solve business problems. Assist internal/external teams in developing more extensive ERP and OMS knowledge. Also collaborate with other IT staff to solve business problems.Additional duties as assigned.Requirements:Bachelor's Degree is required, preferably in Business, Accounting, MIS, Computer Science, Information Technology, or related fieldValid state driver's license and automotive insurance7 years of relevant work experience (in addition to degree or years of previous experience)4 years of experience working in a retail IT position, supporting ERP and Order Management SystemsSkilled understanding of retail application functionality (e.g. order management, procurement, inventory management, fulfillment, manufacturing, financials), including features, configuration, and supportSkilled proficiency documenting business issues (escalating for help as needed)Intermediate proficiency installing/configuring base technical components (e.g. user groups, security, connections to databases, etc.)Skilled proficiency with the following technologies:Microsoft SQL Server databaseExchange.NETSharePoint ServicesBizTalk ServerC#X++Java#LI-MJ1Position Status: Full-time

 Job DescriptionPosition Description As a Software Developer, you will be using your object-oriented development expertise and database knowledge to help us build upon our platforms to provide first class enterprise software to our diverse base of clients and partners in the speech and voice of the customer analytics space. You will be involved in planning, designing, developing, and implementing new products and features into our existing solutions. You will be part of one of our agile teams, participating in daily stand-ups and two-week iterations with monthly releases. Teamwork is a critical aspect of this position, and you will be working closely with your development peers as well as other roles such as Product Owners and Quality Assurance, all with the goal of delivering our customers the best experience possible in mind. Responsibilities · Work on highly distributed, scalable, high transaction systems with microservice architectures  · Work on high-volume, low-latency RESTful APIs  · Implement SOLID design principles in daily practice  · Work as a member of an Agile/SCRUM development team, assisting in planning, designing, developing and implementing new functionality based on business requirements Requirements · 2+ years’ experience with some of these technologies  · Languages and Frameworks – C#  · Data Repositories – SQL Server, MongoDB  · Other – Rabbit MQ  · Incredible coding skills; your programming ability is above average, as demonstrated by a continuous string of successful projects  · Solid understanding of design patterns  · Experience implementing distributed systems to handle high transaction volumes  · Excellent command of written and spoken English Bonus Skills · Real world experience implementing high-volume, low-latency RESTful APIs  · Experience with JavaScript and AngularJS  · Leadership experience  ​Company DescriptionLooking to join a growing 5 year old Tech Startup? We are looking for an individual who wants to make an impact to both internal teams while also influencing customers. If you like fast paced then reach out! Competative CompensationEquityUnlimited PTO

Who is ConstructConnect? ConstructConnect comprises the legacy businesses of BidClerk, Construction Data Company, CMD Group, and iSqFt. At ConstructConnect, everything we do is focused on making it easier for the construction industry to collaborate and connect – with one another and the information they need to succeed.Why ConstructConnect???17 days of paid time off, 8 paid holidays, and 2 floating holidays your first yearLeadership Development OpportunitiesIndividual career plans and opportunities throughout the United States and CanadaHealth and wellness programRich benefits including:401K with company matchMedical, dental, and visionPaid Volunteer hoursGenerous paternal leaveHighly collaborative and passionate team membersWhat do we need at ConstructConnect? The Sales Consultant I is responsible for representing, selling, negotiating, and marketing our cloud based SaaS solutions to the commercial construction industry. Sales Consultants will demonstrate the capabilities and basic training of our SaaS solutions through online demonstrations (Go-to-Meetings). This is an inside sales position. What will you do at ConstructConnect?Leverage consultative/solution based selling technique to position the value of our product to potential customersPerform high volume of cold calls to target pipeline in order to set appointments with prospectsCreatively prospect and deliver the value of our products to prospects using multiple vehicles (i.e. outbound calls, social media, email, )Input and manage prospects and customer data using our CRMAcquire and maintain an in-depth knowledge of our productsWhat skills and experience do you need to be successful in this role?Bachelor s degree OR Associates degree + 1 years cold calling, telemarketing or appointment setting experience OR HS Diploma + 3 years cold calling or business development experience in a corporate sales environment preferably softwareStrong communication and presentation skills, with ability to influenceConsultative sales experience is a plusKnowledge of professional selling methodology and technique, preferredExcellent communication skillsHas the ability to leverage technology and social media in prospecting callsProficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, etc)Knowledge of consultative sales techniquesIndividuals must be tenacious and able to easily overcome objectionsDemonstrate a passion for continuous learning and sales training through continuous participation in training.What are the Physical Demands & Work Environment?Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50% of the working dayNeeds to occasionally move about the office to communicate with staff and attend meetingsConstantly operates a computerFrequently communicates verbally with peers and managementMust be able to analyze detail close-up
We’re ONE team that is driven by our vision to unleash the power of human collaboration by delivering innovative, world-class solutions to our customers. We work smart, with a collaborative state of mind that drives our strategy and helps us achieve our common goals.  Polycom’s innovative spirit begins with our people. We empower your personal and professional growth and we strive to give you everything you need to achieve your highest level of excellence. With your help, we’ll accomplish great things.Job Description: Are you Passionate about building ground breaking experiences with the latest technologies in a fast paced and well funded environment? Interested in working with some of the best and brightest in the industry to help change the way people collaborate? As a member of Polycom's Austin Collaboration Experiences team you'll do that and more while building ground breaking products conceived through user centric design and delivered with agile methodologies.  As a member of our core services group you will work on cross functional teams to build android based video collaboration systems used to empower and connect hundreds of thousands of people all across the globe. You and your team will not only be responsible for developing key technologies but also be entrusted to ensure our solutions align with our customers needs and market trends.  Job Responsibilities:  • Design, develop, test and debug software for video conferencing systems.  • Emphasis on C/C++ development.  • Follow standard software engineering practices and maintain software through version control systems.  Required Qualifications:  • Must have Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science with 5+ years C/C++ development experience  • Excellent Communication Skills  Preferred Qualifications:  • Master’s Degree  • Familiarity with Agile/Scrum methodologiesHighlights of our benefits include: Benefits effective on date of hire; competitive time off with accrual beginning immediately; 12 paid holidays including flexible holidays; 401k with company match; tuition reimbursement.Polycom embraces diversity and is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, religion, color, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally-protected basis. Polycom participates in E-Verify.
Senior DeveloperPOSITION SUMMARY A senior developer takes the lead in designing and implementing major pieces of functionality in OmniComm's product suite. The person is expected to have extensive experience in C#, SQL Server, ASP .NET, and XML. Experience with clinical trial software systems is an advantage. PERSONAL QUALITIES Strong work ethics; outstanding character while working within a team environment; excellent communication skills; self starter; provides leadership to more junior members of the development team. RESPONSIBILITIESUnderstands concepts and develops in-depth working knowledge of the application products, development tools and systems in assigned area of responsibility.Designs and participates in design review sessions for product systems and subsystems.Develops systems and subsystems based upon design sessions and requirement specifications.Takes the lead in introducing new technologies into the development team, and mentors other staff in the proper use of those technologies.SKILLS NEEDEDExcellent verbal and communication skills with the ability to work with all levels within the organization.Ability to perform independently and under pressure of time constraints.Strong analytical and problem solving skills, computer proficiency, and ability to follow through with projects from inception to completion.QUALIFICATIONS NEEDED5 years of software development and solution architect experience including at least 3 years of experience on Microsoft development products.Provide strong working knowledge on C#, C++, ASP .NET, XML/XSL, DHTML, .NET assemblies, ADO.NET, IIS, DirectShow, Windows Enterprise Server and SQL Server technologies.Experience in architecture, algorithms, design and cross-platform commercial software development (expert level).Experience in multithreaded programming, cryptography and security programming, high performance server/cluster software development.Experience in developing web services.Prefer knowledge of EDC and experience with applications that comply with 21 CFR Part 11.Proven ability to participate in multiple projects simultaneously and work to tight deadlines
The Senior Developer will be a part of a team that writes world-class, highly scalable, enterprise software. We are looking for bright individuals that are passionate about technology. The Senior Developer is expected to deliver high quality solutions on aggressive timelines.  Key Responsibilities Pioneer projects from conception to completionWork independently and with a team of engineers to complete projectsUse TDD to develop softwareWork with stakeholders to define and develop solutions to meet customer needsUse OOA and OOD to build robust, extensible solutionsWork with the team to enhance the data model Participate in application architecture, including planning discussions and contributing to framework design Develop high-level story narratives and participate in detailed task breakdownProvide technical and social mentoring to developersLead peer design and code reviewsReview and propose solutions to improve quality and efficiency Work with a team of developers to deliver quality solutions on aggressive timelines  Job Qualifications BS / MS in Computer Science/Engineering or commensurate experience 5+ years of experience with the full systems lifecycle covering requirements, design, development, testing, and delivery of n-tier architectures2+ years of development using Test Driven Development 3+ years of experience using C# and ASP.NET/ASP.NET MVC  3+ years of data and domain modeling3+ years of mentoring other developers 1+ years with REST or SOAP services  Experience with NUnit or similar unit testing frameworksExperience using Continuous Integration technologiesExpertise in OOP and Design Patterns  Demonstrable understanding of SOLID principlesDemonstrable understanding of how to write testable/mockable code Preferred Experience NHibernate / Fluent NHibernateDocument Databases (Mongo, Raven)Git or other distributed VCS  Feature BranchingContinuous Deployment Twitter BootstrapInversion of Control frameworksAsynchronous programming JQuery KnockoutJS / AngularJSTeamCity GitHub Powershell Windows Azure Message Queuing NodeJSRabbitMQ Dapper / Micro ORMs NUnit / XUnit Moq / RhinoMocks 
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
 What You'll Do DO you enjoy spearheading innovation through personal initiative? Would it excite you to be part of a highly motivated best of breed engineering team who is redefining and refreshing the software portfolio for Cisco's Wireless access points? Would you like to challenge yourself in driving a key technology transition in the Wireless Industry while working the market leader? Would you cherish to develop code using the most modern development methods in Agile mode using the a test driven development focus? Can you demonstrates the ability to develop software with a system-level focus while understanding the impact of every component, work with minimal supervision, collaborate with a cross-functional team and leverages technical knowledge and project management experience to accomplish the goals.  If you are excited about all the above and have the smarts to be a star in such a team - you may consider applying for this job. We are looking for that passionate, motivated, highly energized software engineers as the core of a team with almost limitless opportunity to build the next generation wireless access networking platform. The work involves design and development of the embedded software for a revolutionary product which provides sub-meter accuracy indoor location services. This position is unique as it will involve working on latest generation of WiFi and BLE technology and deployment models for wireless access networking components in a global-scale, real-world use case. Engineers can look forward to their results getting in front of customers quickly and the product performance directly driving Cisco's core business.  You will be part of a co-located local team that is energized and empowered to deliver quickly. This team will operate fast and communicate openly, with a very flat organization and plenty of opportunity to cross-pollinate and drive key pieces of the architecture. Key architect and developer in a project team of tasked with delivering our next generation Wireless access networking architecture for Access Points.Design and develop software on Access point that aids various deployment modes to aid campus and branch wide wireless access on Cisco's newest Wireless products based on state of the art latest Wireless Industry standardsContribute to functional specifications and product roadmapLead development of subsystems. Design & Develop large portions of software independently and rapidlyStrong ability and desire to learn new tools as required is an absolute must.Who You'll Work With The Wireless Networking Group in Cisco (WNG) is the industry leader in enterprise WLAN with a proven track record in building innovative wireless solutions. We are looking for passionate and dedicated Embedded Linux savvy programmers to form the core of a new team delivering the controller-less deployment architecture for a key segment of wireless customers. Who You AreMinimum QualificationsExperience in C, C++ and other modern programming languages/technologiesExperience with Networking, WiFi, 802.11, WLAN protocols and chipsetsExperience with Embedded OS is a must, Linux experience is a plusStrong self-motivation for solving problems and innovating with furious intent to improve the customer experienceStrong problem solving and software development/troubleshooting skills. Ability to "think in code" and discuss ideas and algorithms is a must.Typically requires MSEE/CS combined with 6-8 years of related experience, or BSEE/CS combined with 10 related experienceWhyCisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to craft the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with rare personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.  We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.  We Are Cisco.  Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.  Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. LI-RS1
At Animoto, we believe that everyone should have the power to create professional-quality videos, whether to share their memories or market their business. To achieve this vision we bring together smart, passionate people who care as much about each other as they do about our product.Using our patented cinematic artificial intelligence technology, our product empowers users to tell a story through the power of video. We are seeking an experienced engineer to help propel our award-winning video creation service to the next level. As a member of the Front-End Team, you will be developing a responsive, elegant web experience and pioneering the next generation of video creation software.What You'll Do: Collaborate with a team of engineers and product designers to develop new featuresBuild efficient and reusable components and servicesEnsure high standards in architecture discussions, code reviews, and provide technical leadershipAdvocate for best practices, great usability, and exceptional qualityWhat We're Looking For:3+ years professional experience building front-end web applicationsExpert knowledge of JavaScriptExperience with modern JavaScript libraries and toolingFamiliarity with server-side web frameworksClient-side performance and optimization experienceStrong Computer Science fundamentalsWhy Work for Animoto:Work with smart, talented, and interesting people (our Engineering Team is one of the best around!)Work with a diverse team spanning product, marketing, design, and customer successWeekly catered lunch, bi-weekly product demos, social Fridays, fully stocked kitchen, fun environment and 5 ways to make coffee at our amazing Noho officeBi-annual company events and hackathonsCompetitive compensation and amazing benefits such as 100% medical/dental/vision, equity, 401k, Apple products, upgraded Netflix, Amazon Prime, Spotify, and corporate discounts with AT&T and CrunchAt Animoto, we help our customers communicate who they are, what they do, and what they love through video. Our users are connected by the desire to use video to share what matters most to them, but come from all walks of life and are passionate about all sorts of different things. Were proud to help them share these passions.Similarly, we embrace the differences of our team members and actively seek diversity of beliefs, backgrounds, education, and all the other things that make us unique. We strive to create a space where employees can bring their true selves to work every day. By doing so, were building an inclusive culture where we can continue innovating for our customers. We too are united in the belief that our voices are even more powerful when using video to communicate, and we aim to have a workplace that reflects the variety of our users. Animoto is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and affirmative action employer.
 The Video Applications team is looking for a driven and dedicated Software QA manager to build and manage a team testing emerging technologies. This position will be with the team that delivered Memories Movies in Photos, Apple Clips, as well as iMovie, and has significant cross-functional overlap with the Pro Video applications as well (Final Cut Pro, Motion and Compressor). As a member of our fast-paced group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to be part of new projects and help shape upcoming products that continue to inspire and delight millions of Apples customers every day.  Key Qualifications: Significant management experience. Ideally 5+ years as a Software Quality Assurance managerEstablished pattern of building strong teams attracting, hiring, motivating, and retaining the best engineersStrong knowledge of software development lifecycle, testing methodologies, QA terminology and processesPersistent and inquisitive problem solver, committed to driving quality forwardSuperior organizational and communication skills (oral, written and interpersonal) including the ability to communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audienceExcellent cross-functional influencerComfortable and adaptable in a fast-paced, dynamic, schedule-driven environmentExperience with AR/VR authoring, Machine Learning and/or Computer Vision preferred  Description: In this role, you will be responsible for planning and driving execution of test plans for multiple simultaneous development initiatives. Your ability to work closely with development teams, to identify and understand key features and their underlying functionality, will be the key to your success. You will be required to produce a clear and concise picture of product quality for the project, from concept to product release. You will be working closely with other QA and engineering team members to help coordinate cross-functional test efforts. Your capacity for defining and hiring a world-class QA team is vital. Your ongoing curiosity and commitment to self-education in video technologies as well as new testing techniques is what will set you apart.  Education:  BS EE/CE/CS or equivalent.  5+ years of experience in product QA environments.  Additional training in either scripting or video preferred.  Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
 Plastic Surgery Studios is looking for a full-time, onsite (not remote), smart, driven, and ambitious Front End UI Developer and Hosting Utility Specialist to join our tight-knit team. We are a dynamic website design and online digital marketing company located in Rancho Cucamonga, California that has customers all over the United States and around the world. We specialize in dynamic website design, unique content generation, SEO marketing, social media management, video production, and reputation management. Reasons to Work With UsCompetitive pay with full benefits (medical, dental, 401K)Ability to work in one of the most exciting technological fieldsCasual work environmentOpportunity to learn and continue to grow in this fieldAbility to work with amazing and collaborative co-workersRequired ExperienceBachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems or closely related field of study.Knowledge of general IT systems in a business environment.You must have a minimum of two to three years of experience in IT, IS or as a Hosting Utility Specialist.RequirementsMust be familiar with all aspects of web development using LAMP, WordPress, hosting with WHM / CPanel, MySQL, PHP, phpMyAdmin, and Apple computer administration.Knowledge of Linux terminal commands, Microsoft IIS, Smarter Tools / Mail, Google Suite, DNS, Amazon web services, and SSL.Familiar with Google Console, 301 redirects,Duties Oversees operation and administration of various Plastic Surgery Studios technology systems including but not limited to: Security access administration, including passwords and schemas.Oversees standards of technology systems and ensures high quality and stability of services provided.Guru in terms of best DB query practice & methods.Strong skills in backup and recovery procedures.Coordinates periodic planned maintenance and upgrades of servers and (CMS) environments.Responsible to make sure technical support issues are resolved in a timely manner.Experience using version control and automation tools is a plus.Test for cross-browser, cross-platform and cross-device inconsistencies.Server and file compression techniques for improving page load speed.Ability to effectively work with others in a team setting and on an individual basis.Ability to work under pressure on multiple tasks and meet deadlines.Demonstrates the ability to prioritize work in order to meet deadlines while working in a service-oriented environment with frequently changing priorities. If you are a self-starter, self-learner, and problem solver who wants to learn and grow in this exciting and dynamic field, please email us with your cover letter and resumé.  Job Type: Full-time
 This is a coding role that needs a strong understanding of PHP, Python and MySQL or PostgreSQL. Consult with users and staff to identify and specify requirements for software applications and technical solutions in support of complex processes and business needs.  Evaluate your solutions across multiple platforms, browsers, for performance and reliability.  Analyze, design and develop test cases and implement automated functional tests.  Resolve complex technical issues in existing applications.  Developing cross-browser, cross-platform, cross-device compatible solutions.  Performs ongoing support and maintenance for systems and related applications.  Handle day-to-day tasks such as server image configurations, system installations, patching, application deployment, and other routine maintenance.  Monitor security alerts to ensure that appropriate patches are applied in an automated and timely fashion.

 Description OPPORTUNITY: We are looking for a UI/UX Developer for a 10-month contract opportunity in the Rochester, MN area. RESPONSIBILITIES:This position will be mostly remote, after initial orientation (at least a week) and occasionally after that (meaning quarterly or less), but may need to go to WI during the 10 months, not just MN.The User Interface (UI) Developer is responsible for delivering final code in HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript for web and/or mobile using best practices as outlined by W3C (responsive and optimized for all screen sizes and accessibility).Works collaboratively with project team members, including project managers, business analysts, designers and developers.Expert understanding of relevant standards and guidelines: accessibility, usability, and W3C.Excellent problem-solving ability.You will work as a contributing member of a small, multi-disciplinary agile team developing a model-driven, context-aware, cognitive support application for physicians.You will get to work side by side with UX designers, developers, knowledge engineers and software architects to help shape the vision of this clinical application.Your responsibilities may include: Designing and implementing the client-side module of a complex API-driven Angular JS application built onto the “SMART on FHIR” framework, developing front-end user interfaces leveraging the latest versions of Angular JS, Type Script, HTML5 and CSS, Design, build and/or evolve data visualization components, build models for context- and situation-awareness, Learn and help implement software patterns within a modular architecture.REQUIREMENTS:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) or related field.At least 3 years of experience in user interface development for large-scale web sites and/or mobile apps.Expert understanding of relevant standards and guidelines: accessibility, usability, and W3C.Excellent problem-solving ability coupled with the ability to supply technically viable alternatives.Ability to clearly articulate complex problems and solutions using strong communication skills.Organized self-starter that is highly productive, has a strong work ethic, is detail-oriented, is methodical and has a "can do" attitude.Portfolio that represents a proven record of bringing products to market or enterprise and includes examples of coded user interfaces.Good collaboration skills with developers, designers and architects.Strong communication and problem-solving skills.Strong ability to collaborate and support translation of UI/UX design intent into rich front-end experiences while leveraging web APIs.Comfortable engaging in technical design brainstorming conversations Technical Skills and Technical experience in the following: Angular JS, D3.js, RESTful Web Services, HTML / HTML5, CSS / CSS3, CSS Grid Systems, Responsive Design, Javascript / Typescript, Design PatternsNo third-party candidates considered for this opportunity.WHY DCS: Join DCS and get connected with a leading IT consulting firm who is passionate about creating strong client and consultant partnerships. We've been connecting the best with the best for over two decades and want to do the same for you. Are you ready to join our team?  For more info, visit us at www.dcshq.com.
 Sensor Software Engineer  Location  Vancouver  Apply Now  p.p1 { margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 14.0px Arial; } span.s1 { } LMI Technologies, recognized as one of Canada’s 50 Best Workplaces, is a medium-sized technology company built on a culture of openness, respect and professional excellence. At LMI our staff work passionately toward the common goal of designing and delivering innovative 3D machine vision solutions to OEMs and System Integrators working in industrial factory automation around the world. The result of this teamwork is high-performance, easy-to-implement and cost-effective 3D sensor technologies that deliver the best results in even the most challenging 3D inline inspection applications.Position Summary:Our ongoing growth has resulted in the need for a talented software engineer with the desire and skill set to design machine vision sensors. Responsibilities will include producing sensor design specifications (optics, lighting, cameras, algorithms), implementing and testing sensor designs, developing demo application software, development of 3D acquisition pipeline for our sensors (algorithms for producing 3D data from images), development of sensor calibration pipeline, development of manufacturing software tools required to build the sensors and control key component performance (e.g. software tasks for focusing and aligning cameras/lasers/projectors, quantifying and adjusting sensor sensitivity, etc.), characterization and validation of prototype sensor performance, and integrating final designs with customers. You will work with another team member to take a statement of requirements from prototype to final product, ensuring successful integration with customer applications.You should have the ability to carry out the work with little supervision but in concert with other team schedules.Typical Duties, Activities, Responsibilities:Passion for leading edge technology, out of the box thinking and its challengesPositive outlook, creative with an ability to quickly learn new conceptsAbility to work in small teams and be accountable for your performance and documentationEmbedded developmentCode optimization for x86 and TI DSP platformsUser interface development with MFCUser interface development with CSS/HTML/Javascript 2D/3D graphics programmingUnit testing experienceImage processing and analysis techniquesMachine vision experienceExperience with 3D metrologyExperience with computer vision Education and Qualifications:Solid knowledge of C/C++ using Microsoft Visual Studio 2003 or higherExperience with vision algorithms, memory management, threading/synchronizationExperience with TCP/UDP/IP networkingProficiency in object-oriented programmingDiligent documentation/reportingSuperior English communication skills - both written and verbalDegree / Diploma in Computer Science or Electrical/Computer Engineering3-5 years work experience in a disciplined development environment p.p1 { margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 14.0px Arial; } span.s1 { } If you are interested in working for a fast-growing global technology company with an inspiring and engaging workplace environment, we invite you to apply and talk about the possibilities of beginning a rewarding new chapter of your career.
 The D. E. Shaw group brings together some of the best minds in computer science, mathematics, physics, and engineering to work at the intersection of finance and technology. Members of our versatile technical staff exhibit a range of strong quantitative and programming abilities, with software developers and quantitative analysts collaborating on challenging problems that directly impact the firm's continued success. Quality and innovation are imperative for creating computationally intensive solutions for trading profitably in markets around the globe. Developers bring strong analytical, mathematical, and software design skills to a variety of projects, including the formulation of statistical models for our computerized trading strategies, distributed system development, real-time data analysis, and the creation of tools for advanced mathematical modeling. Technology is an integral part of virtually everything we do and our team enjoys access to some of the most advanced computing resources in the world. Successful candidates have traditionally been the top students in their programs and have extensive software development experience. We welcome outstanding candidates at all experience levels.
Position Summary: This is a professional technical management position to assist the Chief Information Officer in developing, administering, and managing the center’s Information Services and Business Intelligence initiatives utilizing technological tools, processes, and applications to report, maintain and analyze data. Requires the ability to work independently, communicate effectively (both verbally and in writing), multi-task, work flexible hours, problem solve, make decisions, implement plans, organize data and information into logical formats, manage time and organize tasks. The Director is expected to interact with stakeholders, internal and external, and is sometimes required to represent Meridian’s management team to these stakeholders. The work requires the use of independent judgment and initiative in carrying out day-to-day duties and responsibilities.Salary:$60,000 - $90,000 ExemptMinimum Qualifications:In order to be successful in this job, qualified candidates should have the following skills, experience, and credentials:Experience:3+ years of technical management experienceProgramming Languages Required -SQL & T-SQL (expert proficiency), VB .NETExperience designing, implementing, supporting, and analyzing enterprise scale applications that perform extract/transform/load (ETL) operations with external data sources and SQL ServerProficiency with modern development toolsets including Visual Studio, SQL Server Management Studio, Microsoft Report Builder, creating and maintain SSAS tabular cubes, source control, and task tracking.Education: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in the field.Driver Requirement:Must have a current Florida Driver’s License with a clean driving record while meeting company insurance requirementsEssential Duties/Responsibilities:Design and direct the development of the organization’s business intelligence data warehouse for the identification, collection, and analysis of: risk management, performance improvement, and quality measurement data.Research, collect, validate, collate data and information to design, direct and support the development of accurate and meaningful business intelligence reports.Serves as a Technical and Development Lead for the team. Overseeing daily processes and ensuring that team tasks, projects, new development, and reporting are timely, responsive and vetted for accuracy.The Director will implement, maintain, train, and support proprietary software and customers. Including keeping projects on time and on budget.Provides consultation and education to the organization and a variety of community agencies.Maintains all documentation for the department and associated projects including, procedures, technical documentation, training documentation, project timelines and associated tasks.
 What You'll Do You’re extremely motivated Software Engineer and passionate about learning and contributing to the team and the business with "can do" attitude. Strong design/programming ethic. Knowledge of designing large-scale systems in C/C++ environments is helpful.Dedication to Quality: Ability to ensure and commit to a higher standard of quality than usual in the face of time to market pressures.Strong OS fundamentals and networking concepts is a requirement.In-depth experience in designing networking systems with L2, L3 and multicast backgroundResponsibilities: Participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation Campus switching architectures. Define, architect, design, and deliver new software and features for the Campus switching platforms  Day to day activities will involve building new features, understanding features in a competitive product and proposing solutions that work for our platform, writing functional and design specifications, programming, unit and integration testing your code, helping review specifications and code for other software engineers in the team, helping documentation team with the configuration aspects of your feature. Who You'll Work With The Wireless Networking Group (WNG) is the industry leader in enterprise WLAN with a proven track record in building innovative wireless solutions. We are looking for passionate and dedicated Embedded Linux savvy programmers to form the core of a new team delivering service provide features for a key segment of wireless customers.  Do you enjoy spearheading innovation through personal initiative? Would it excite you to be part of a highly motivated best of breed engineering team who is redefining and refreshing the software portfolio for Cisco's Wireless access points? Would you like to challenge yourself in driving a key technology transition in the Wireless Industry while working the market leader? Would you cherish to develop code using the most modern development methods using a test driven development focus? Can you demonstrates the ability to develop software with a system-level focus while understanding the impact of every component, work with minimal supervision, collaborate with a cross-functional team and leverages technical knowledge and project management experience to accomplish the goals. Who You AreYou are a Software engineer with 5+ years of experience with BS/MS in computer systems, software and architecture.Expertise in 802.11 a, b/g, n protocolsUnderstanding of LAN/WAN routing/switching and other network layer protocolsYou possess the aptitude to multi-task in fast-paced environmentYou have at least 3 years of Linux embedded development experienceYou are good with writing distributed platform and system softwareYou are desired to have experienced with board bringup, writing and debugging device driversDeep understanding of Linux and network resource managementYou are an excellent C programmer and possess strong analytical and logical solving skillsYou have experience with CPU/Memory Management/IO and Virtualization technologiesYou have a deep expertise of the network protocol stack, including L2 switching and IP Routing, TCP/IPPrefer strong skills in Python/Perl scriptingDesired Skills:Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, good teammate You should be able to own large portions of the software from a technical perspective Handle multiple tasks at once and work independently with minimal managerial mentorship. Have experience in customer deployment. Strong interpersonal and communication skills.Strong team building skills. This role requires the ability to work across departments and with other teamsBe open to continuous learning and committed to ongoing self-improvement.Initiate and participate in organizational efforts to improve overall group productivity and test effectiveness. Contribute to overall test strategiesWhy CiscoWe connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with rare personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco.  Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
At OnDeck, we improve the worlds economic landscape by changing the way small businesses access capital. We do it in an environment where we celebrate collaboration, but arent afraid of healthy competition; where were serious about our work but dont take ourselves too seriously; and where we are small enough to be nimble but strong enough to make a big impact.As a Software Engineer working in Java at OnDeck, you will:Think critically and interact with product managers and other engineers to design and build features for our decisioning work flows.Work closely with all the technical systems to understand how our loan pipeline works end to end.Participate in improving our build, testing and release processes in technology.Qualifications for success:Strong Java developer with experience building complex system in a professional team environment using Git.Experience with Java web frameworks like Jersey, Spring, Guice and/or DropwizardExperience with Java testing frameworksExperience creating and consuming REST and SOAP web services.Good understanding of event-driven, functional, and object-oriented paradigm.Familiarity with relational database design and high-level framework for database integration.Ability to create and communicate technical design to solve business challenges.Passionate about technology and willing to learn something new.Knowledge of AngularJS, Node.js and front-end testing frameworks a plus.Ability to independently work on a project.Strong verbal and written communication skills.About Us At OnDeck, we make small business a big deal. We care intensely about each other, our company and the customers we serve, and are committed to making every day count.  As the largest online small business lender in the U.S. serving more than 700 different industries, we have been trusted by over 50,000 small businesses by providing them with a term loan or line of credit to help them build a growing and thriving enterprise. Since 2007, weve issued over $7 billion in capital.  Come be a part of a company thats changing the game for small business financing. Why Choose Us Were creating opportunities for small businesses and team members to grow and succeed. We do it in an environment where we celebrate collaboration and arent afraid of healthy competition; where were serious about our work and dont take ourselves too seriously; and where we are small enough to be nimble and strong enough to make a big impact. What we offer you:Medical, dental, vision, and life benefits from day one.Paid/flexible sick-leave, vacations, and holidays so you can take off the time that you need when you need.Up to four months paid parental leave for all new parents. Adoption assistance with reimbursement of up to $5K. We want you to have time to bond with your new bundle of joy.Well match your 401(k) contributions and offer a discount through our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. All to complement your personal financial strategy.We want to help advance your career. Take classes relevant to your job and the first $5K is on us.Enjoy our annual company summer party, holiday party and department quarterly outings.Our partnership with SoFi gives you access to student loan refinancing, personal loans and even mortgages.We work hard, we play hard. Build or join an OnDeck intramural club, group, and/or sports team and be part of our OnDeck Community.Fully stocked kitchens with free snacks & drinks.We also offer 401K Match. Tuition Reimbursement. Paid Parental Leave. Company Outings. Hackathons. Company Sponsored Sports Teams/Clubs. Discounted Gym Membership. Office Learning & Development Training. Awards we've received:WorldatWork, 2017 Seal of DistinctionFortune 50 Best Workplaces for Diversity, 2016Fortune 50 Best Small and Medium Companies to Work For, 2016Fortune 30 Best Workplaces in Finance and Insurance, 2016Built in Colorado, Top 100 Digital Companies in Colorado, 2015, 2016Crains New York Business Fast 50, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016Fortune.com and Great Place to Work 100 Best Workplaces for Millennials, 2015 Fortune/Great Place To Work Great Rated! Peoples Picks: 20 Great Workplaces in Financial Services, 2015Crains New York Best Places to Work, 2013, 2014, 2015Colorado SHRM Best Companies to Work For in Colorado, 2015Forbes Americas Most Promising Companies, 2013, 2014Selling Power Magazine Best Company to Sell For, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016Inc. 500|5000, 2013, 2014As part of our dedication to maintaining an inclusive and diverse workforce,OnDeck provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, OnDeck complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.OnDeck expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of OnDecks employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.**No external recruiters or agents, please.**
 Description  DSA Inc. is seeking a Software Developer. This is a full time position in Fort Detrick, MD.  Work as part of a team maintaining and upgrading a computer-based communications system in a military environment. Responsible for developing innovative system and software solutions to fulfill system requirements. Able to diagnose and resolve problems reported from operationally deployed systems and to implement and test fixes. Able to work in a controlled environment for delivering software releases. Flexible work hour normally between 8am to 5pm.  A successful applicant to this position will have the drive to solve problems encountered in the development of Linux based database solutions.  Minimum knowledge, skill and abilities Required:JavaScript experienceLinux experienceSelf-driven Team PlayerAbility to multi-task and stay organized in a dynamic environmentExcellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skillsDesired: Node.JS experienceSQL database experienceEducation and Certification:Bachelor of Computer Science degree desired.Must be able to obtain a Top Secret SCI clearance.Must obtain/maintain Security+ certification within six months of employment. Founded in 1963, Data Systems Analysts, Inc. (DSA) has been providing Defense and Federal Government customers' business-driven Information Technology and consulting solutions and services for more than 50 years. DSA's people excel in helping our customers achieve sensitive, mission-critical business goals and objectives. DSA is a 100 percent employee-owned company: every employee has a stake in the success of our company and our customers.  Our culture embraces training and development opportunities that include leadership programs, employee networks, continued education, and much more. We recognize that building expertise in your profession benefits everyone, and our leadership training programs help employees better manage their projects, inspire coworkers and customers to action, and reinforce DSA's guiding principles since 1963.  We also value the unique combination of skills, abilities, aspirations, and backgrounds of every individual — our diversity makes us stronger. We are 100 percent employee-owned through an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP).  DSA employees receive customizable benefits that are highly competitive in each local market: ·  Health, dental, vision, and life insurance ·  Employer-paid AD&D insurance and disability coverage ·  Health saving/flexible spending accounts ·  Paid leave ·  Flexible hours when available ·  Wellness programs and health initiatives ·  Monthly town hall meetings ·  Tuition reimbursement ·  Training opportunities ·  Retirement savings plan ·  Employee stock ownership ·  Team dinner dates that include spouses and the executive team ·  Corporate partner purchasing program ·  Free virtual medical care ·  Healthcare navigation assistance ·  Family events ·  Discount prescription programs where offered ·  Employee rewards and gift card programs ·  Recognition and Milestone Awards ·  Company store for corporate logo merchandise ·  Access to industry tradeshows and conferences ·  Microsoft Gold and Silver Partnership advantages  DSA provides equal employment opportunity for employees and applicants without regard to an individual's protected status; race/ethnicity, color, national origin, ancestry, sex/gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, marital/parental status, pregnancy/childbirth or related condition, religion, creed, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other protected status.  DSA will provide necessary reasonable accommodation to ensure that an individual with a disability who is not able to fully utilize DSA's online job application system is provided with equal opportunity to apply and be considered for all jobs. If you need an accommodation to complete the application process, please email HR@dsainc.com or call 1-877-422-4372.
Req ID 95550BR Business Title CNO Principal Software Developer Group MCIS Location USA TEXAS San Antonio Clearance Level Needed Secret Category Cyber Job Duties and Responsibilities  Who we are  The Cyber Operations and Exploitation Solutions Division (COES) of ManTech MCIS is looking for a highly motivated Software Developer - Cyber Operations and Exploitation in the San Antonio, TX area. This is a rewarding and highly challenging position where you will join a team of technical leaders that deliver advanced software capabilities to government organizations. Our customers have high standards, are technically adept, and use our products daily to support their mission of protecting national security.  Our contributions to our customer’s success is driving our growth. Due to this, we’re hiring for all levels of Software Developers. If this opportunity coincides with your passions we’d like to hear from you regardless of where you are in your career.  ManTech is dedicated to hiring the best of the best. Our current employees are highly sought after. Our senior leads are "by name" known within the community. Our alumni have become Chief Technology Officers, founded new companies, and are asked to speak at cyber conferences.  Your Role  Design and develop software solutions that are actively used in the security arena  Works and collaborates within an agile team, but owns the software feature or enhancement through completion.  Engages with the customer or representatives to fully understand the desired functionality and strives to develop the best technical solution.  Expected to actively learn the environment in which the software solution will operate in order to articulate risks and constraints.  Understands their technical strengths and weaknesses, and works well in isolation (with peer review) on areas of strength and seeks subject matter expertise in growth areas.  Has a strong understanding of software and Operating Systems fundamentals and feels comfortable applying knowledge toward development efforts on Windows, Linux, iOS, and Android systems.  Demonstrates solid problem solving and debugging skills to determine the root cause of a software defect.  Able to review and analyze technical documentation from Windows, Linux, iOS, Android, and other products to gain understanding for software solutions that interact with components within these systems.  Your Qualifications 3-5+ years of experience with Python or a similar scripting language (Ruby, Perl) Windows internals and debugging  Strong C skills Experience in delivering quality products and involvement in all phases of the software development process: Idea, Design, Implementation, Delivery, and Support.Experience with the following items is a plus: C/C++, Assembly, Jenkins, Docker, Agile, Continuous Integration, TDD, Test Automation, Windows Administration, and Linux Administration.Exhibit our core values: Passion, Capacity, and Humility. oPassion for the customers and mission we serve  oCapacity to learn and grow into a technical leader  oHumility to learn from others and treat others with mutual respect, and satisfied without public recognition of work Must be a U.S. Citizen and must be able to obtain a Secret government security clearance (current clearance desired but not required). Applicants with the appropriate skills but without a security clearance are encouraged to apply. If you’re the right fit for the job, we’ll make it happen. Applicants will be subject to a government security background investigation. Qualifications Requires Bachelor¿s degree or equivalent and seven to nine years of related experience. Minimum of three years experience in technology/tools specific to the target platforms. Degrees See Qualifications Years of Experience See Qualifications Position Type Full-Time Shift Day Overview For more than 40 years, ManTech employees have been solving complex problems for the national security community. We are comprised of approximately 10,000 talented employees around the world. We adhere to the simple, no-nonsense values on which ManTech was founded more than four decades ago, aligning squarely with the mission objectives of our customers. As our customer base continues to expand and diversify, we continue to diversify our workforce and solutions. Half our employees have a military background, and more than 70 percent hold a government security clearance. As a leading provider of innovative technology services and solutions for the nation's defense, security, space, and intelligence communities; we hold nearly 1,000 active contracts with more than 40 different government agencies.
Job Summary Trove, a software startup in Ann Arbor, MI is looking for a python developer to join our Quality Engineering team. You will be working with application and cloud developers to identify and build systems that help us validate and improve the quality of our products.  We are building end-to-end automated testing into our CI process for our web applications and cloud API's, as well as iOS, Android, desktop apps. Specifically, our main development language is python (3, of course), and we use OCR and computer vision to analyze our UI's in real-time during testing.  If you're passionate about software product quality, automating all the things, good software architecture, and pushing the bounds of what's possible with UI testing, this could be your chance to make an impact at an ambitious startup! Responsibilities Specifically, you will be expected to: Participate in test and quality-infrastructure development to execute on quality deliverables.Work with the design, app, and back-end teams to identify acceptance criteria and testability issuesDemonstrate domain expertise in software components that you developEvaluate individual work for security, quality, and performance via code reviews Generally, we expect you have the ability to fulfill these responsibilities if you have any of the following: A Bachelor's degree and 1+ years applicable experience or3+ years applicable experience orOther equivalent experienceSkills & Requirements To get this job, you must demonstrate an interest in test automation, either for: the mechanics (an application that runs other applications!) orthe end result (finding bugs before users!) You must also possess: 2+ years python development experienceThe ability to explain technical decisions to other developersThe ability to build a complete feature with technical directionBonus points for:Sharing a recent project that was really important / impactful to you.Computer vision experienceMobile or cloud testing experienceFamiliarity with CI systems (such as Jenkins)
Job Description: WANTED: Passion, Confidence, creativity, and your authentic self. This is our sound for success. Bring us these qualities and take your career to new heights.  We are seeking talented individuals to join our growing team. Working with any of our brands offers a challenging and rewarding experience. You'll be part of a team of dedicated professionals applying your vision and talent to the shared goal of helping to fill the world with music.  The purpose of this job is to be the in-house technical expert, providing daily support and vision for the existing Enterprise Resource Planning and Order Management Systems. RESPONSIBILITIES/DUTIESOperate, optimize, and support the ERP environment, including developing new applications and maintaining the integrity of the System through design and development effortsOperate, optimize, and support the Order Management System environmentAnalyze existing solutions and develop an understanding of how to transition them into modern system behaviors.Perform application analysis to determine business requirements and design modificationsPerform gap/fit analysis between multiple in-house applications to fully determine functionality and organizational requirementsDocument functional requirements and software designsWork with end users, management and support staff to identify areas where new applications will solve business problems. Assist internal/external teams in developing more extensive ERP and OMS knowledge. Also collaborate with other IT staff to solve business problems.Additional duties as assigned.Requirements:Bachelor's Degree is required, preferably in Business, Accounting, MIS, Computer Science, Information Technology, or related fieldValid state driver's license and automotive insurance7 years of relevant work experience (in addition to degree or years of previous experience)4 years of experience working in a retail IT position, supporting ERP and Order Management SystemsSkilled understanding of retail application functionality (e.g. order management, procurement, inventory management, fulfillment, manufacturing, financials), including features, configuration, and supportSkilled proficiency documenting business issues (escalating for help as needed)Intermediate proficiency installing/configuring base technical components (e.g. user groups, security, connections to databases, etc.)Skilled proficiency with the following technologies:Microsoft SQL Server databaseExchange.NETSharePoint ServicesBizTalk ServerC#X++Java#LI-MJ1Position Status: Full-time
 Job DescriptionPosition Description As a Software Developer, you will be using your object-oriented development expertise and database knowledge to help us build upon our platforms to provide first class enterprise software to our diverse base of clients and partners in the speech and voice of the customer analytics space. You will be involved in planning, designing, developing, and implementing new products and features into our existing solutions. You will be part of one of our agile teams, participating in daily stand-ups and two-week iterations with monthly releases. Teamwork is a critical aspect of this position, and you will be working closely with your development peers as well as other roles such as Product Owners and Quality Assurance, all with the goal of delivering our customers the best experience possible in mind. Responsibilities · Work on highly distributed, scalable, high transaction systems with microservice architectures  · Work on high-volume, low-latency RESTful APIs  · Implement SOLID design principles in daily practice  · Work as a member of an Agile/SCRUM development team, assisting in planning, designing, developing and implementing new functionality based on business requirements Requirements · 2+ years’ experience with some of these technologies  · Languages and Frameworks – C#  · Data Repositories – SQL Server, MongoDB  · Other – Rabbit MQ  · Incredible coding skills; your programming ability is above average, as demonstrated by a continuous string of successful projects  · Solid understanding of design patterns  · Experience implementing distributed systems to handle high transaction volumes  · Excellent command of written and spoken English Bonus Skills · Real world experience implementing high-volume, low-latency RESTful APIs  · Experience with JavaScript and AngularJS  · Leadership experience  ​Company DescriptionLooking to join a growing 5 year old Tech Startup? We are looking for an individual who wants to make an impact to both internal teams while also influencing customers. If you like fast paced then reach out! Competative CompensationEquityUnlimited PTO
Who is ConstructConnect? ConstructConnect comprises the legacy businesses of BidClerk, Construction Data Company, CMD Group, and iSqFt. At ConstructConnect, everything we do is focused on making it easier for the construction industry to collaborate and connect – with one another and the information they need to succeed.Why ConstructConnect???17 days of paid time off, 8 paid holidays, and 2 floating holidays your first yearLeadership Development OpportunitiesIndividual career plans and opportunities throughout the United States and CanadaHealth and wellness programRich benefits including:401K with company matchMedical, dental, and visionPaid Volunteer hoursGenerous paternal leaveHighly collaborative and passionate team membersWhat do we need at ConstructConnect? The Sales Consultant I is responsible for representing, selling, negotiating, and marketing our cloud based SaaS solutions to the commercial construction industry. Sales Consultants will demonstrate the capabilities and basic training of our SaaS solutions through online demonstrations (Go-to-Meetings). This is an inside sales position. What will you do at ConstructConnect?Leverage consultative/solution based selling technique to position the value of our product to potential customersPerform high volume of cold calls to target pipeline in order to set appointments with prospectsCreatively prospect and deliver the value of our products to prospects using multiple vehicles (i.e. outbound calls, social media, email, )Input and manage prospects and customer data using our CRMAcquire and maintain an in-depth knowledge of our productsWhat skills and experience do you need to be successful in this role?Bachelor s degree OR Associates degree + 1 years cold calling, telemarketing or appointment setting experience OR HS Diploma + 3 years cold calling or business development experience in a corporate sales environment preferably softwareStrong communication and presentation skills, with ability to influenceConsultative sales experience is a plusKnowledge of professional selling methodology and technique, preferredExcellent communication skillsHas the ability to leverage technology and social media in prospecting callsProficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, etc)Knowledge of consultative sales techniquesIndividuals must be tenacious and able to easily overcome objectionsDemonstrate a passion for continuous learning and sales training through continuous participation in training.What are the Physical Demands & Work Environment?Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50% of the working dayNeeds to occasionally move about the office to communicate with staff and attend meetingsConstantly operates a computerFrequently communicates verbally with peers and managementMust be able to analyze detail close-up
Senior DeveloperPOSITION SUMMARY A senior developer takes the lead in designing and implementing major pieces of functionality in OmniComm's product suite. The person is expected to have extensive experience in C#, SQL Server, ASP .NET, and XML. Experience with clinical trial software systems is an advantage. PERSONAL QUALITIES Strong work ethics; outstanding character while working within a team environment; excellent communication skills; self starter; provides leadership to more junior members of the development team. RESPONSIBILITIESUnderstands concepts and develops in-depth working knowledge of the application products, development tools and systems in assigned area of responsibility.Designs and participates in design review sessions for product systems and subsystems.Develops systems and subsystems based upon design sessions and requirement specifications.Takes the lead in introducing new technologies into the development team, and mentors other staff in the proper use of those technologies.SKILLS NEEDEDExcellent verbal and communication skills with the ability to work with all levels within the organization.Ability to perform independently and under pressure of time constraints.Strong analytical and problem solving skills, computer proficiency, and ability to follow through with projects from inception to completion.QUALIFICATIONS NEEDED5 years of software development and solution architect experience including at least 3 years of experience on Microsoft development products.Provide strong working knowledge on C#, C++, ASP .NET, XML/XSL, DHTML, .NET assemblies, ADO.NET, IIS, DirectShow, Windows Enterprise Server and SQL Server technologies.Experience in architecture, algorithms, design and cross-platform commercial software development (expert level).Experience in multithreaded programming, cryptography and security programming, high performance server/cluster software development.Experience in developing web services.Prefer knowledge of EDC and experience with applications that comply with 21 CFR Part 11.Proven ability to participate in multiple projects simultaneously and work to tight deadlines
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediatelyNot MentionedQuick Apply
At Animoto, we believe that everyone should have the power to create professional-quality videos, whether to share their memories or market their business. To achieve this vision we bring together smart, passionate people who care as much about each other as they do about our product.Using our patented cinematic artificial intelligence technology, our product empowers users to tell a story through the power of video. We are seeking an experienced engineer to help propel our award-winning video creation service to the next level. As a member of the Front-End Team, you will be developing a responsive, elegant web experience and pioneering the next generation of video creation software.What You'll Do: Collaborate with a team of engineers and product designers to develop new featuresBuild efficient and reusable components and servicesEnsure high standards in architecture discussions, code reviews, and provide technical leadershipAdvocate for best practices, great usability, and exceptional qualityWhat We're Looking For:3+ years professional experience building front-end web applicationsExpert knowledge of JavaScriptExperience with modern JavaScript libraries and toolingFamiliarity with server-side web frameworksClient-side performance and optimization experienceStrong Computer Science fundamentalsWhy Work for Animoto:Work with smart, talented, and interesting people (our Engineering Team is one of the best around!)Work with a diverse team spanning product, marketing, design, and customer successWeekly catered lunch, bi-weekly product demos, social Fridays, fully stocked kitchen, fun environment and 5 ways to make coffee at our amazing Noho officeBi-annual company events and hackathonsCompetitive compensation and amazing benefits such as 100% medical/dental/vision, equity, 401k, Apple products, upgraded Netflix, Amazon Prime, Spotify, and corporate discounts with AT&T and CrunchAt Animoto, we help our customers communicate who they are, what they do, and what they love through video. Our users are connected by the desire to use video to share what matters most to them, but come from all walks of life and are passionate about all sorts of different things. Were proud to help them share these passions.Similarly, we embrace the differences of our team members and actively seek diversity of beliefs, backgrounds, education, and all the other things that make us unique. We strive to create a space where employees can bring their true selves to work every day. By doing so, were building an inclusive culture where we can continue innovating for our customers. We too are united in the belief that our voices are even more powerful when using video to communicate, and we aim to have a workplace that reflects the variety of our users. Animoto is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and affirmative action employer.
 Plastic Surgery Studios is looking for a full-time, onsite (not remote), smart, driven, and ambitious Front End UI Developer and Hosting Utility Specialist to join our tight-knit team. We are a dynamic website design and online digital marketing company located in Rancho Cucamonga, California that has customers all over the United States and around the world. We specialize in dynamic website design, unique content generation, SEO marketing, social media management, video production, and reputation management. Reasons to Work With UsCompetitive pay with full benefits (medical, dental, 401K)Ability to work in one of the most exciting technological fieldsCasual work environmentOpportunity to learn and continue to grow in this fieldAbility to work with amazing and collaborative co-workersRequired ExperienceBachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems or closely related field of study.Knowledge of general IT systems in a business environment.You must have a minimum of two to three years of experience in IT, IS or as a Hosting Utility Specialist.RequirementsMust be familiar with all aspects of web development using LAMP, WordPress, hosting with WHM / CPanel, MySQL, PHP, phpMyAdmin, and Apple computer administration.Knowledge of Linux terminal commands, Microsoft IIS, Smarter Tools / Mail, Google Suite, DNS, Amazon web services, and SSL.Familiar with Google Console, 301 redirects,Duties Oversees operation and administration of various Plastic Surgery Studios technology systems including but not limited to: Security access administration, including passwords and schemas.Oversees standards of technology systems and ensures high quality and stability of services provided.Guru in terms of best DB query practice & methods.Strong skills in backup and recovery procedures.Coordinates periodic planned maintenance and upgrades of servers and (CMS) environments.Responsible to make sure technical support issues are resolved in a timely manner.Experience using version control and automation tools is a plus.Test for cross-browser, cross-platform and cross-device inconsistencies.Server and file compression techniques for improving page load speed.Ability to effectively work with others in a team setting and on an individual basis.Ability to work under pressure on multiple tasks and meet deadlines.Demonstrates the ability to prioritize work in order to meet deadlines while working in a service-oriented environment with frequently changing priorities. If you are a self-starter, self-learner, and problem solver who wants to learn and grow in this exciting and dynamic field, please email us with your cover letter and resumé.  Job Type: Full-time

 Sensor Software Engineer  Location  Vancouver  Apply Now  p.p1 { margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 14.0px Arial; } span.s1 { } LMI Technologies, recognized as one of Canada’s 50 Best Workplaces, is a medium-sized technology company built on a culture of openness, respect and professional excellence. At LMI our staff work passionately toward the common goal of designing and delivering innovative 3D machine vision solutions to OEMs and System Integrators working in industrial factory automation around the world. The result of this teamwork is high-performance, easy-to-implement and cost-effective 3D sensor technologies that deliver the best results in even the most challenging 3D inline inspection applications.Position Summary:Our ongoing growth has resulted in the need for a talented software engineer with the desire and skill set to design machine vision sensors. Responsibilities will include producing sensor design specifications (optics, lighting, cameras, algorithms), implementing and testing sensor designs, developing demo application software, development of 3D acquisition pipeline for our sensors (algorithms for producing 3D data from images), development of sensor calibration pipeline, development of manufacturing software tools required to build the sensors and control key component performance (e.g. software tasks for focusing and aligning cameras/lasers/projectors, quantifying and adjusting sensor sensitivity, etc.), characterization and validation of prototype sensor performance, and integrating final designs with customers. You will work with another team member to take a statement of requirements from prototype to final product, ensuring successful integration with customer applications.You should have the ability to carry out the work with little supervision but in concert with other team schedules.Typical Duties, Activities, Responsibilities:Passion for leading edge technology, out of the box thinking and its challengesPositive outlook, creative with an ability to quickly learn new conceptsAbility to work in small teams and be accountable for your performance and documentationEmbedded developmentCode optimization for x86 and TI DSP platformsUser interface development with MFCUser interface development with CSS/HTML/Javascript 2D/3D graphics programmingUnit testing experienceImage processing and analysis techniquesMachine vision experienceExperience with 3D metrologyExperience with computer vision Education and Qualifications:Solid knowledge of C/C++ using Microsoft Visual Studio 2003 or higherExperience with vision algorithms, memory management, threading/synchronizationExperience with TCP/UDP/IP networkingProficiency in object-oriented programmingDiligent documentation/reportingSuperior English communication skills - both written and verbalDegree / Diploma in Computer Science or Electrical/Computer Engineering3-5 years work experience in a disciplined development environment p.p1 { margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 14.0px Arial; } span.s1 { } If you are interested in working for a fast-growing global technology company with an inspiring and engaging workplace environment, we invite you to apply and talk about the possibilities of beginning a rewarding new chapter of your career.
Position Summary: This is a professional technical management position to assist the Chief Information Officer in developing, administering, and managing the center’s Information Services and Business Intelligence initiatives utilizing technological tools, processes, and applications to report, maintain and analyze data. Requires the ability to work independently, communicate effectively (both verbally and in writing), multi-task, work flexible hours, problem solve, make decisions, implement plans, organize data and information into logical formats, manage time and organize tasks. The Director is expected to interact with stakeholders, internal and external, and is sometimes required to represent Meridian’s management team to these stakeholders. The work requires the use of independent judgment and initiative in carrying out day-to-day duties and responsibilities.Salary:$60,000 - $90,000 ExemptMinimum Qualifications:In order to be successful in this job, qualified candidates should have the following skills, experience, and credentials:Experience:3+ years of technical management experienceProgramming Languages Required -SQL & T-SQL (expert proficiency), VB .NETExperience designing, implementing, supporting, and analyzing enterprise scale applications that perform extract/transform/load (ETL) operations with external data sources and SQL ServerProficiency with modern development toolsets including Visual Studio, SQL Server Management Studio, Microsoft Report Builder, creating and maintain SSAS tabular cubes, source control, and task tracking.Education: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in the field.Driver Requirement:Must have a current Florida Driver’s License with a clean driving record while meeting company insurance requirementsEssential Duties/Responsibilities:Design and direct the development of the organization’s business intelligence data warehouse for the identification, collection, and analysis of: risk management, performance improvement, and quality measurement data.Research, collect, validate, collate data and information to design, direct and support the development of accurate and meaningful business intelligence reports.Serves as a Technical and Development Lead for the team. Overseeing daily processes and ensuring that team tasks, projects, new development, and reporting are timely, responsive and vetted for accuracy.The Director will implement, maintain, train, and support proprietary software and customers. Including keeping projects on time and on budget.Provides consultation and education to the organization and a variety of community agencies.Maintains all documentation for the department and associated projects including, procedures, technical documentation, training documentation, project timelines and associated tasks.
 Description OPPORTUNITY: We are looking for a UI/UX Developer for a 10-month contract opportunity in the Rochester, MN area. RESPONSIBILITIES:This position will be mostly remote, after initial orientation (at least a week) and occasionally after that (meaning quarterly or less), but may need to go to WI during the 10 months, not just MN.The User Interface (UI) Developer is responsible for delivering final code in HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript for web and/or mobile using best practices as outlined by W3C (responsive and optimized for all screen sizes and accessibility).Works collaboratively with project team members, including project managers, business analysts, designers and developers.Expert understanding of relevant standards and guidelines: accessibility, usability, and W3C.Excellent problem-solving ability.You will work as a contributing member of a small, multi-disciplinary agile team developing a model-driven, context-aware, cognitive support application for physicians.You will get to work side by side with UX designers, developers, knowledge engineers and software architects to help shape the vision of this clinical application.Your responsibilities may include: Designing and implementing the client-side module of a complex API-driven Angular JS application built onto the “SMART on FHIR” framework, developing front-end user interfaces leveraging the latest versions of Angular JS, Type Script, HTML5 and CSS, Design, build and/or evolve data visualization components, build models for context- and situation-awareness, Learn and help implement software patterns within a modular architecture.REQUIREMENTS:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) or related field.At least 3 years of experience in user interface development for large-scale web sites and/or mobile apps.Expert understanding of relevant standards and guidelines: accessibility, usability, and W3C.Excellent problem-solving ability coupled with the ability to supply technically viable alternatives.Ability to clearly articulate complex problems and solutions using strong communication skills.Organized self-starter that is highly productive, has a strong work ethic, is detail-oriented, is methodical and has a "can do" attitude.Portfolio that represents a proven record of bringing products to market or enterprise and includes examples of coded user interfaces.Good collaboration skills with developers, designers and architects.Strong communication and problem-solving skills.Strong ability to collaborate and support translation of UI/UX design intent into rich front-end experiences while leveraging web APIs.Comfortable engaging in technical design brainstorming conversations Technical Skills and Technical experience in the following: Angular JS, D3.js, RESTful Web Services, HTML / HTML5, CSS / CSS3, CSS Grid Systems, Responsive Design, Javascript / Typescript, Design PatternsNo third-party candidates considered for this opportunity.WHY DCS: Join DCS and get connected with a leading IT consulting firm who is passionate about creating strong client and consultant partnerships. We've been connecting the best with the best for over two decades and want to do the same for you. Are you ready to join our team?  For more info, visit us at www.dcshq.com.

Software EngineerResponsibilities:Provide expertise on system architecture, design, implementation, testing, delivery, and operation of premium online Discovery and Research products.Work directly with product management and your team while analyzing and decomposing complex software requirement into simple stories for planning and execution.Collaborate with your team to manage and estimate the size and complexity of the features. Perform the technical design, implementation, and testing of features and commit to stories can be accomplished in an iteration.Be the technical leader for product features, responsible for ensuring that development activities are coordinated throughout the development cycle.Own system and feature quality throughout the development, testing and deployment phases to ensure quality delivery expectations are met.Drive value and build to continuously improve the quality of the team’s deliverables.Conduct new technology research, proof of concept, and design work that will provide direction for the enhancement of the overall system and products.Contribute to software engineering best practices for design, coding standards, performance, security, delivery, and maintainability.Live the principles behind the Agile Manifesto in all interactions.Required Skills:Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience3+ years of professional development experience using C#, .NET.3+ years of professional web development experience using .NET Application Servers.3+ years of experience in large systems software design and development with hands on experience in RESTful Web Services, HTML, XML/JSON, HTTP, SSL.3+ years of experience with Web Services lifecycle (design, build, test, deploy), API versioning and design approaches, tools, inter-operability, and SOA concepts.2+ years of front end development experience with a fluency and passion for modern JavaScript frameworks (React, Backbone, Angular, etc).1 year Responsive Web Design experience.Preferred Skills:Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field.Hands on experience with Cloud services (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform).Hands on experience with Microservices.Hands on experience developing, delivering, and supporting publicly facing web applications.Familiarity with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) best practices.Experience with user interface and graphic design.Demonstrated success delivering projects using HTML/CSS.Experience in client product development.Demonstrated ability to lead or drive a project with sound technical and design skills.Demonstrated leadership and communication skills, including an ability to look forward and anticipate problems and assess risk.Excellent mentoring skills and the desire to contribute to efforts beyond the scope of the day-to-day project work.Advocate of unit testing, automation and test-driven development.Detailed understanding of Agile software engineering principles and methodologies. Alignment Healthcare, LLC is proud to practice Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action. We are looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment: Minority/Female/Disable/Protected Veteran.  If you require any reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) in completing the online application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please contact careers@ahcusa.com.
 Sensor Software Engineer  Location  Vancouver  Apply Now  p.p1 { margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 14.0px Arial; } span.s1 { } LMI Technologies, recognized as one of Canada’s 50 Best Workplaces, is a medium-sized technology company built on a culture of openness, respect and professional excellence. At LMI our staff work passionately toward the common goal of designing and delivering innovative 3D machine vision solutions to OEMs and System Integrators working in industrial factory automation around the world. The result of this teamwork is high-performance, easy-to-implement and cost-effective 3D sensor technologies that deliver the best results in even the most challenging 3D inline inspection applications.Position Summary:Our ongoing growth has resulted in the need for a talented software engineer with the desire and skill set to design machine vision sensors. Responsibilities will include producing sensor design specifications (optics, lighting, cameras, algorithms), implementing and testing sensor designs, developing demo application software, development of 3D acquisition pipeline for our sensors (algorithms for producing 3D data from images), development of sensor calibration pipeline, development of manufacturing software tools required to build the sensors and control key component performance (e.g. software tasks for focusing and aligning cameras/lasers/projectors, quantifying and adjusting sensor sensitivity, etc.), characterization and validation of prototype sensor performance, and integrating final designs with customers. You will work with another team member to take a statement of requirements from prototype to final product, ensuring successful integration with customer applications.You should have the ability to carry out the work with little supervision but in concert with other team schedules.Typical Duties, Activities, Responsibilities:Passion for leading edge technology, out of the box thinking and its challengesPositive outlook, creative with an ability to quickly learn new conceptsAbility to work in small teams and be accountable for your performance and documentationEmbedded developmentCode optimization for x86 and TI DSP platformsUser interface development with MFCUser interface development with CSS/HTML/Javascript 2D/3D graphics programmingUnit testing experienceImage processing and analysis techniquesMachine vision experienceExperience with 3D metrologyExperience with computer vision Education and Qualifications:Solid knowledge of C/C++ using Microsoft Visual Studio 2003 or higherExperience with vision algorithms, memory management, threading/synchronizationExperience with TCP/UDP/IP networkingProficiency in object-oriented programmingDiligent documentation/reportingSuperior English communication skills - both written and verbalDegree / Diploma in Computer Science or Electrical/Computer Engineering3-5 years work experience in a disciplined development environment p.p1 { margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 14.0px Arial; } span.s1 { } If you are interested in working for a fast-growing global technology company with an inspiring and engaging workplace environment, we invite you to apply and talk about the possibilities of beginning a rewarding new chapter of your career.
 The D. E. Shaw group brings together some of the best minds in computer science, mathematics, physics, and engineering to work at the intersection of finance and technology. Members of our versatile technical staff exhibit a range of strong quantitative and programming abilities, with software developers and quantitative analysts collaborating on challenging problems that directly impact the firm's continued success. Quality and innovation are imperative for creating computationally intensive solutions for trading profitably in markets around the globe. Developers bring strong analytical, mathematical, and software design skills to a variety of projects, including the formulation of statistical models for our computerized trading strategies, distributed system development, real-time data analysis, and the creation of tools for advanced mathematical modeling. Technology is an integral part of virtually everything we do and our team enjoys access to some of the most advanced computing resources in the world. Successful candidates have traditionally been the top students in their programs and have extensive software development experience. We welcome outstanding candidates at all experience levels.
We are now looking for a Computer Vision and Automotive Developer Technology Engineer: We are now looking for passionate engineers to work on Computer Vision and Self-Driving Vehicles. As member of our DevTech team you will work with cutting-edge applications of computer vision, machine learning, and automotive for NVIDIA's next-generation products. You will research and invent new computer vision and deep learning algorithms, develop and optimize data parallel implementations, create technical demos and prototypes, write whitepapers and present your work at conferences and to partners. In this role you will build a close technical relationship with both our partners during product development, and NVIDIA's architecture and software teams to ensure the best possible performance results. You will be developing great experience with current and next-generation hardware platforms. What you’ll be doing:Working with partners on computer vision, machine learning, and self driving vehicles. Some travel is necessary for onsite visits.Research and Develop algorithms in computer vision, deep learning applications.Develop new functionality in SDK (VisionWorks, DriveWorks, OpenCV).What we need to see:Strong Knowledge of C/C++, parallel algorithms , programming techniques, strong mathematical fundamentals.Experience in Computer Vision and Machine LearningMS or PhD in computer science or related engineering discipline with 3+ years of experience.Good communication skills.Ways to stand out from the crowd:CUDA development and optimization experienceExperience with GPU development with Computer Vision projectsKnowledge or experience working with Deep Learning FrameworksExperience working with open source projects and as well as creating your own projects on github or other open source repositories. #Deeplearning  We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer
Position Summary: This is a professional technical management position to assist the Chief Information Officer in developing, administering, and managing the center’s Information Services and Business Intelligence initiatives utilizing technological tools, processes, and applications to report, maintain and analyze data. Requires the ability to work independently, communicate effectively (both verbally and in writing), multi-task, work flexible hours, problem solve, make decisions, implement plans, organize data and information into logical formats, manage time and organize tasks. The Director is expected to interact with stakeholders, internal and external, and is sometimes required to represent Meridian’s management team to these stakeholders. The work requires the use of independent judgment and initiative in carrying out day-to-day duties and responsibilities.Salary:$60,000 - $90,000 ExemptMinimum Qualifications:In order to be successful in this job, qualified candidates should have the following skills, experience, and credentials:Experience:3+ years of technical management experienceProgramming Languages Required -SQL & T-SQL (expert proficiency), VB .NETExperience designing, implementing, supporting, and analyzing enterprise scale applications that perform extract/transform/load (ETL) operations with external data sources and SQL ServerProficiency with modern development toolsets including Visual Studio, SQL Server Management Studio, Microsoft Report Builder, creating and maintain SSAS tabular cubes, source control, and task tracking.Education: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in the field.Driver Requirement:Must have a current Florida Driver’s License with a clean driving record while meeting company insurance requirementsEssential Duties/Responsibilities:Design and direct the development of the organization’s business intelligence data warehouse for the identification, collection, and analysis of: risk management, performance improvement, and quality measurement data.Research, collect, validate, collate data and information to design, direct and support the development of accurate and meaningful business intelligence reports.Serves as a Technical and Development Lead for the team. Overseeing daily processes and ensuring that team tasks, projects, new development, and reporting are timely, responsive and vetted for accuracy.The Director will implement, maintain, train, and support proprietary software and customers. Including keeping projects on time and on budget.Provides consultation and education to the organization and a variety of community agencies.Maintains all documentation for the department and associated projects including, procedures, technical documentation, training documentation, project timelines and associated tasks.
Location: San Antonio, TX USPosition Description  SRC, Inc. is currently seeking a software developer in the San Antonio, Texas area that specializes in web-based, Java and database technologies. The selected candidate will provide technical leadership and hands-on software development and lifecycle support at Lackland AFB. ResponsibilitiesCollaborate on the design, development, testing, implementation and documentation of multiple software development projectsParticipate in design control activities related to the software development process, particularly from a requirements-driven perspectiveAssess level of effort for tasks and projects when neededReport status of technical work and project progressWork independently and collaboratively in a geographically spread teamPlan and conduct software testsUnderstand key business processes and stakeholder needs Position Requirements Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, or related degreeApplied knowledge and experience (three to five years minimum) as a software developer on Java web-based projects connecting to a database backend (preferably Oracle, MySQL, or PostegreSQL)Developer experience in several of the following technologies preferred: SQL, JDBC, Java, Java script, XML, Spring/HibernateKnowledge and experience with relational database designExperience working in Linux and Windows environmentsExperience with APEX (Oracle’s Application Express), Microsoft SharePoint, JBoss or Tomcat a plusSecurity Clearance Requirements An active Secret security clearance and current investigation are required.
 Position Description/Responsibilities (CCC/Vendor)  CAI is seeking a Software Developer in Westerville, OH.  This is a long term opening that includes a competitive rate, medical benefits, and a 401k.  In 2013, Computer Aid, Inc. (CAI) launched their Autism2Work Program with a strategic mission of helping the underemployment of many affected with ASD (Autism Spectrum) that are looking for opportunities where they can do more, learn more and develop a career in Information Technology.  This ground-breaking Initiative employs IT professionals that have been affected by Autism. In order to be considered for this role, candidates must have a diagnosis which is on the Autism Spectrum.  Description Works as part of an application development team and gains an understanding of the design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming to satisfy business and functional requirementsResponsibilities may vary by project area but should be centered around application development and deployment and raise the value of the overall team deliveryAdds value to team delivery and works with team to complete tasks to high quality and actively learns new skills Primary Responsibilities Designs, analyzes, develops, tests, debugs and delivers software and/or new productsDemonstrates an understanding of the importance of end to end software development which may include working in Agile frameworksCollaborates with fellow team members and keeps the team and other key stakeholders well informed of progress of application business features being developedOther possible functionsTeam LeadScrum Master Position Requirements/Technical Skills (CCC/Vendor)  Technical Skills Proficient in application development skills for more than one technology as well as multiple design techniquesWorking proficiency in development toolset to design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve softwareStrong understanding of Agile methodologies with ability to work in at least one of the common frameworksStrong understanding of techniques such as Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, Test Driven Development, Cloud Development, application resiliency and securityProficiency in one or more general purpose programming languagesWorking proficiency in a portion of software engineering disciplines and demonstrates understanding of overall software skills including business analysis, development, testing, deployment, maintenance and improvement of softwareQualificationsMinimum 5 years of hands on experience in Java, JEE stack of technologies with solid understanding of the tools OR equivalent experience with the Taleo Recruiting platformMinimum 2 years of experience in GIT, Stash, JIRA, Maven or Griddle, and related products preferred2+ years of experience/understanding use case modeling; skillful with scenario-based analysis and use case-driven design techniquesKnowledge of XML (e.g., DTDs, XSDs, XSLT etc) , Messaging systems (e.g., Oracle JMS, QPID, ActiveMQ etc) and SQL preferredExperience with Mule, UNIX, or LINUX operating systems preferredExperience with Agile methodology a plusExperience with code migration from lower level environments to productionAbility to create detailed functional and technical design documents.Ability to work individually or as part of a team to achieve project goalsAbility to manage multiple priorities in a fast moving environment.Ability to synthesize large amounts of information, and a curiosity to ask appropriate questions to fully develop technical requirements.Detail-oriented with strong analytical and communication skills.Strong knowledge of software development life cycleExperience working successfully with the business users and technology vendorsExperience working within a global organization.College degree, or specialized training or equivalent work experienceUnderstanding of the Recruiting & Onboarding function a plus Company Overview (CCC Only)  Computer Aid, Inc. (CAI) is an innovative solutions company managing engagements with numerous Fortune 1000 companies and government agencies. CAI is headquartered in Allentown, Pennsylvania with a staff of over 4,200 professionals working at locations around the world in a variety of industries. Our services leverage technology to provide outstanding customer experiences that generate new value for our clients, our employees, and our greater communities. CAI is building a culture of continued learning, support, and personal development in a collegial environment. We also strive to make a positive impact on our surrounding communities through various outreach programs. We make a positive difference for our associates and the communities in which we serve.Our mission: Provide industry-leading services and an incredible workplace for our associates, while making an impact on our communities. CAI is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities will receive consideration and are encouraged to apply.  For more information on our professionals, services, and industries we support, please see our website www.compaid.com.SDL2017
 Description About OpenMarketWe’ve got a pretty good thing going on here at OpenMarket. We’re leaders of a mobile industry that's transforming the way customer obsessed businesses communicate with their customers.  The world’s biggest brands seek us out because we love finding ways to help them make their customers’ lives easier. It’s this obsession with customer experience that helps us develop software, technology and processes that competitors all over the world desire.  OpenMarket Culture  We’re seeking enthusiastic, collaborative and resourceful people from a range of backgrounds who know how to get things done. Success comes from our culture, diversity and dynamic global team so we value people who are authentic, take ownership, and deliver together. Does this sound like you? Join our team: we're friendly, caring, weirdly tenacious, and fun.  Senior Software Development Engineer  OpenMarket is currently seeking senior software developers to design, build, configure, and test platform software. Our service oriented architecture consists of a growing number of web services that drive our mobile messaging platform. Working on a small, dedicated platform service team, you will ensure your tools and services are able to scale and server other engineer teams while maintaining high-performance in a 99.99% up-time environment.  Do you value having end-to-end ownership of your services? Teams handle the deployment, operation, and monitoring of the services they own. In addition, some off-hours/on-call support may be required in a “last tier” support capacity.  What to bring Expert-level skills as a senior Java engineer with enterprise-level services (scalability, high availability, and multithreading)Rich experience in data processingStrong problem-solving and design skillsSolid practices around testing to ensure quality (e.g. unit testing, TDD, integration testing, performance testing)Own and progress the resolution of production issues to minimize customer impactHave a customer experience mindsetIdentify technical inefficiencies or gaps and collaborate with other teams to find a resolutionExperience in continuous delivery Nice to have Working knowledge of big data in a distributed environmentHands-on experience in cloud computing, preferably in AWSExperience in working with international teams You’ll be a great fit if You love being a part of a small, dynamic and agile team that encourages you to learn and growYou desire to work with some of the world’s top brandsYou love finding solutions to interesting problemsYou welcome having autonomy with complex tasksYou are passionate about using your experience and expertise to inspire the team Education/Training Required A Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or equivalent experience.Additional Information This position is open in Seattle, WA.  OpenMarket is an equal opportunity (EEO) employer.  We are unable to sponsor new U.S. work visas at this time.  Employment in this position may be contingent upon successful completion of a criminal and/or credit background investigation. 
Job DescriptionMake a Difference Every Day with Team AppliedThe people of Applied are making a difference every day through innovation and a commitment to help safeguard and protect what matters most. With first-to-market software, mobile and data analytics solutions, Applied is revolutionizing companies to strengthen their position as trusted advisors to clients across the world. Our core values challenge employees to make a difference every day with excellence for customers and support for the communities around us. We believe that success comes from a dynamic working environment that offers professionals an opportunity to grow and succeed alongside extraordinary people.  Learn how you can make a difference on Team Applied. Job Summary Applied Systems, Inc., a worldwide leader in insurance technology, is currently searching a Software Build & Release Developer to join our ALM Service team, which empowers other development teams at Applied to deliver features and fixes to our customers faster, with higher quality, while reducing or eliminating down time. In this role, you will work in a collaborative Agile environment to develop, maintain, and support applications to build software, execute tests, and deploy releases for a variety of Applied-client facing products. You will be relied upon to investigate problems, research various solutions, and devise a work plan to solve those problems. Additional responsibilities include:Participate in backlog groomingEstimate user stories in hoursCode new and existing functionalityParticipate in daily standupsHandle work tickets from other departments and automated processesConduct code reviewsParticipate in Agile retrospectivesRequirements:Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field; or equivalent work experience3+ years of application development experience in a team environmentDemonstrable proficiency writing code in C#, VB.Net, ASP.Net, and SQL Server. Candidates with C++ or Java coding, and ALM, build & release software engineering, or configuration management experience are encouraged to applyFamiliarity with configuration of Windows Operating Systems; Server Management a plusDemonstrable proficiency with Microsoft Visual Studio or comparable IDEAble to demonstrate calling applications via scripting and command line at a basic levelDesired but not required:Basic understanding of databasesPackage ManagementCloud Computing or VirtualizationTeam Foundation ServicesMCSA, MCSE, MCSD or comparable certificationsCorporate Profile Applied Systems is a leading provider of software that powers the business of insurance. Recognized as a pioneer in agency management systems, insurance organizations rely on the company’s software to manage their clients and policies in a consistent manner to minimize risk, reduce operating expenses, and drive sustainable growth and profitability. Leading the industry in technology innovation, Applied Systems has been at the forefront of data exchange between agencies, brokers, carriers and their clients. Today, the company has more than 1,400 employees with customers throughout the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, and Northern Ireland. By automating the insurance lifecycle, Applied Systems remains committed to help safeguard what matters most to millions of people around the world. To learn more, please visit www.AppliedSystems.com.  Employees feel appreciated at Applied Systems. In addition to a competitive benefits package that starts on the first day of employment, we offer paid time off, a flexible "Dress for your Day" casual dress code, and an open communication policy. The resulting atmosphere is professional and conducive to productivity, yet comfortable and fun.
We are now looking for a Deep Learning & Computer Vision Software Engineer: Academic and commercial groups around the world are using GPUs to apply deep learning techniques that drive computer vision breakthroughs. Nvidia is seeking computer vision engineers familiar with applying deep learning to drive innovative computer vision usages on our Mobile devices.  This position provides the chance to define, implement, productize, and ship deep learning driven computer vision algorithms on mobile and embedded platforms. As part of the Camera and Mobile Vision Software Team, you will work closely with diverse set of engineers from Android software team, Camera Driver Team, Research and Architecture Teams. Strong communication skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic product-oriented team.  You have experience applying deep learning to solve computer vision problems. This role is hands on, so a strong engineering sense and a methodical approach are critical. Experience developing production code and apps that offer creative image processing and/or computational photography usages is a huge plus. What you’ll be doing:You'll prototype and develop deep learning driven computer vision/imaging algorithms for embedded and mobile platformsYou'll use developments made in other groups such as the research and automotive teamsDrive the testing, documentation, verification, productization and maintenance of the algorithms and the s/w modules that use themDevelop tools to assist with algorithm development, algorithm testing, and image quality evaluation and validation, etc.What we need to see:Advanced degree (MS or PhD) with a focus in Deep Learning, Computer Vision, or Artificial Intelligence; or equivalent relevant experience.5 years of relevant work experienceExpertise in deep learning, deep neural networks, convolutional neural networks, random forests, classifiers, feature representations, AI / Artificial Intelligence and/or related techniques.Familiarity with one or more neural network frameworks such as Theano, Torch or CaffeConsistent track record of academic or industrial research, with an emphasis on solving real-world problems.Occasional travel to conferences and for customer visits may be required.Excellent C/C++ programming and software design skills, including debugging, performance analysis, and test design.Strong background in Cuda strongly preferredProgramming experience on/with Android, Linux platforms, Arm Neon, OpenGL, and OpenCL are a plus.Python, Java, and/or Matlab programming experience are pluses. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative, autonomous and love a challenge, we want to hear from you! ​​ #deeplearning  We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer
 Overview  In this position you will work with a talented engineering group to design, install and test data pipelines which ingests and analyzes over a billion records every night. Leveraging technologies like Informatica, Apache Nifi, SQL Server, ElasticSearch and ELK you will implement data integration projects on cloud platforms such as AWS. The ideal candidate would be passionate about using technologies to solve complex problems in a distributed, non-homogeneous environment. Top Reasons to Work with UsOpportunity to work for an awesome software company that is growingOpportunity to work with a highly scalable cloud platformOpportunity to develop a highly disruptive platform that is going to change healthcare analyticsWhat’s In It for YouOpportunity to be part of a team creating a platform that is going to drastically improve healthcare analyticsAwesome work environment (teleworking opportunities considered too)Competitive compensationGreat benefits like flextime time offStocked kitchen with snacks and beverages and moreParticipate in Innovation Days, Datathons and Lunch & LearnsGeneral PrincipalsMotivated by bleeding edge technologies and methodologiesTrack record in developing and delivering work into productionStrong Fundamentals in database queries and Functional Programming Best PracticesVersatile (Full Stack and Full Cycle)Proven Ability to Adopt New TechnologiesCraftsmanshipCommitted, Disciplined, Self-Motivated, and Self OrganizingFind a way to move forwardCollaboration throughout software development life cycleContribute to the continuous improvement of our software development processesResponsibilitiesWhat You Will Be DoingWork with teams and clients to extract healthcare dataIdentifying common data transformation patterns and implementing reusable, scalable solutionsExecuting data discovery and identifying value within new datasets which lead to new methods of extraction and/or toolsWorking with massive datasets and using technology to transform these into valuable assetsCreate queries in SQL, Spark SQL, or other languages to cleanse and transform incoming data into standard formatsDesign and implement software componentsPerform code reviewsUnit TestingIntegration TestingDeploy software componentsGroom Features (Epics Definition, Story Estimates, Tasks Breakdown)Manage code repositoriesEstablish and enforce software versioningEstablish and maintain efficient local development environmentsProvide, analyze, and respond to software development metrics such as Feature Lifecycle and Burn DownProvide feedback and recommendations to improve software development processesQualificationsRequired:At least 3 - 5 years of related work experienceIn depth experience with databases such as MySql, Postgres, MS SqlServer, or OracleExperience with Java, Python and/or ScalaExperience working with complex data setsExperience with Business Intelligence software or advanced reporting queries/frameworksPreferred:Apache Nifi, Talend, IBM InfoSphere, TIBCO, Pentaho, or InformaticaELK (ElasticSearch/Logstash/Kibana)Distributed Hadoop-like technologies such as Spark, Storm and/or KafkaTableau, QlikView, Apache Zeppelin, IPython or JupyterGit, Jenkins, TravisHealthcare data experienceHL7, CCD, CCLF file formats/designs data, healthcare, MS SQL Server, Microsoft, Hadoop, spark, Extract, transform, load, ETL, informatica, talend, pentaho, open source, pipeline, integration, java, python, scala, apache
 We are looking for a candidate who is passionate about technology, product development and can thrive in a fast-paced environment to support the growth of our Content Management and Workflow system. The right candidate will have a solid understanding of full stack web development, latest industry trends and frameworks. We are passionate about delivering an exceptional experience to our users and transforming the Insurance industry with our products. If you love technology and solving real problems for real people, you are who we’re looking for.  As a Software Engineer, you will have the opportunity to implement and grow as a full stack developer by delivering great products to our users. You’ll help build web and service-oriented applications on a .Net platform as well as delighting users with a clean, intuitive interface using the latest web technologies. You will also have the opportunity to bring your creativity and ideas to the table to deliver better solutions to our users.  The Altanta product development team is responsible for multiple in-house and on-line solutions built on a .Net platform that improve the efficiency of content management, workflow, and information management for carriers, agencies, and brokers within the insurance industry.  We work and play in an open concept environment located in midtown Atlanta. We deliver products frequently to our clients using agile methodologies. This is a great opportunity to make a difference within the organization.  We have a smart team of engineers dedicated to helping each other and delivering high quality products to our customers. Our managers are dedicated to growing their people and offering an opportunity that allows you to make impact in your career and get the recognition you deserve.  Over the past 40 years, Vertafore has advanced the business of insurance by bringing together the best software in the industry to help agencies, carriers, and MGAs run their organizations. Today, we’re proud to say hundreds of thousands of Vertafore users rely on our solutions to write business faster, cut costs, and fuel growth by increasing collaboration and streamlining processes. Vertafore helps our customers deliver exceptional value to their clients with innovative, intuitive, and comprehensive products and services. Vertafore leads the industry with secure, cloud-based mobile products that provide superior reporting and analytics, delivering actionable insight— right when customers need it most.  Vertafore strongly supports equal employment opportunity for all applicants regardless of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by state or federal law equal employment. Visit http://www.vertafore.com/careers today!  We need product developers that have: Experience with implementing software development principles and design patterns, preferably .NetCapability to implement solutions independentlyExperience with implementing an elegant user experience using javascript frameworksExperience with Web API and SaaS products  We love product developers that:Are creative and committed to solving problems for our usersHave an intense passion for programmingCan interact with customers to gather insights and translate technical conceptsOperate in a fast-paced, flexible work environmentLove to collaborate with others
 This position is on support of the 36th or 16th EW Squadron at Eglin AFB, FL. Essential Job Functions: The mission of these squadrons is to create EW mission data for tactical aircraft.  This position entails writing software that will assist engineers in retrieving, cataloguing, and analyzing data to assist in the creation of the mission data files.  Create software from rough requirements provided by engineers.  Create instructions to go along with software on its proper use and provide hands-on instruction to engineers.  Modify existing software to improve its utility.  RequirementsDue to the sensitivity of customer related requirements, U.S. Citizenship is required.  BS degree in an Engineering/Science discipline, math or computer science is required and 8 years of experience.  TS/SCI clearance.  VBA for Excel, aSDL2017
Ref No.: 17-00888Location: HOMESTEAD, PennsylvaniaPosition Type: Full Time/ContractJob Description The project is a Web Application using Angular.JS, CSS, JavaScript, API, C#, SQL. The project is data management tool - all healthcare data. They mostly work on front end while interacting with the back end team. Technology Environment: HTML/JavaScript/CSS  Angular JS ASP.NET MVCC# ASP.NET Web API  Entity Framework/LINQ  SQL Server GIT ASP.NET 4.5+, Visual Studio .NET 2012+, C#, MVC 4+, Web API (REST), HTML, jQuery, JavaScript, Angular.JS, JavaScript frameworks, CSS, SQL Server 2012+, SQL, MSMQ, SOA, caching, scalable web applications, design patterns, Entity Framework, LINQ, GIT
What we do: Novetta focuses on three core areas: Cyber, Entity, and Multi-Int Analytics. Our products are focused on processing and analyzing vast amounts of data in these core areas. Our services are focused on helping our customers move from complexity to clarity. The Novetta Difference: Our interdisciplinary expertise enables us to solve our customers' most complex problems through a combination of: Smart people, fresh approaches, and focused inspiration; Domain and subject-matter expertise; Agile and flexible solutions; Software that operates at scale and speed; A culture of challenge and continuous learning. At Novetta, we bridge the gap between what our customers think they can do and what they aspire to achieve.  Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our Core Values:  Integrity | Customer Mission Success | Employee Focus | Innovation Position Description: Novetta has an exciting opportunity for a self-motivated and accomplished Software Developer to join our Development team. As a Software Developer, you will work closely with the other Developers on the team to support business goals and to help ensure Novetta products are released in a timely manner. In this role you will:Work to provide software development support to meet requirements set by the clientWork in and Agile environmentDevelop documentation on an as needed basisBasic Qualifications:5+ years of demonstrated hands-on development experienceExperience with Javascript and other programming languages (Java, C, Ruby on Rails)Experience developing in an Agile enterprise software development environmentExperience working in a Windows/Linux/Unix environmentDemonstrated knowledge and experience with the software development lifecycleDesired Skills:Demonstrated on the job experience or training with AWS/C2SETL experienceSecurity Clearance:An active TS/SCI with Polygraph clearance is required Get a referral bonus for the great people you know! With our amazing referral program, you could be eligible to win outstanding rewards for referring qualified new hires to Novetta.  Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.SDL2017
Req ID 95768BR Business Title Software Developer (Full) Group MCIS Location USA MARYLAND Annapolis Junction Clearance Level Needed TS/SCI Category Systems Development Job Duties and Responsibilities  Become an integral part of a diverse team that leads the world in Mission, Cyber, and Intelligence Solutions. At ManTech International Corporation, you will help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement. Software Developer:Provide software development support for multiple, browser-based node-link graphing applications and support tools.Create and provide software updates to meet requirementsRespond to user requests for supportDevelop and maintain integration documentation through the use of APIsMonitor and maintain product operational environmentsResolve issues of interoperability between products and other associated programs or systemsAdhere to the products agile software development processResponsibilities include: o Translating requirements and customer feedback into actionable designs for software developers  o Configuration Management of development servers (virtual & physical) for continuous integration and deployment of product releases  o Application Testing  o Application release planning  o Creating mockups, wireframes, HTML/CSS for new features  o User interface, front-end development to include styling and CSS bug fixes Required Skills: o Experience developing with Java, JavaScript, Java Build/Development tools  Preferred Skills  o Working with Data Visualization platforms /data  o jQuery  o Visual Studio  o Apache  o Mongo  o Git  o JIRA / Confluence Qualifications Requires Bachelor’s degree (in Engineering, Computer Science or related field) or equivalent, and five to seven years of related work experience. Degrees Equivalent Experience/Education  Bachelor's Degree Years of Experience 11-13 years w/High School Diploma  05-07 years w/Bachelors Degree  02-04 years w/Masters Degree Position Type Full-Time Shift Day Overview ManTech International Corporation is comprised of approximately 7,300 talented employees who use advanced technology to help government and industry meet some of their greatest challenges around the world. We adhere to the simple, no-nonsense values on which ManTech was founded more than four decades ago, aligning squarely with the mission objectives of our customers. As our customer base continues to expand and diversify, we continue to diversify our workforce and solutions. Nearly half our employees have a military background, and approximately 70 percent hold a government security clearance. As a leading provider of innovative technology services and solutions for the nation's defense, security, health, space, and intelligence communities; we hold nearly 1,100 active contracts with more than 50 different government agencies.
 Location: Santa Clara, United States  Date Posted: 05/Dec/17 Requisition: 2074743 Job Title: Senior Software Engineer- Cloud Expert Description: Agilent inspires and supports discoveries that advance the quality of life. We provide life science, diagnostic and applied market laboratories worldwide with instruments, services, consumables, applications and expertise. Agilent enables customers to gain the answers and insights they seek –– so they can do what they do best: improve the world around us. Information about Agilent is available at www.agilent.com.  Join the fast-paced, high-performance Agilent Genomics R&D team in developing and deploying novel product offerings that help advance human health and fight cancer. You’ll discover who we are -- inventors, scientists, engineers, and visionaries working together to deliver products and services that answer significant biological and clinical questions.  We are seeking a highly motivated software professional to join our team of software experts and bioinformaticians.  Responsibilities - Develop and maintain SaaS application features from design to coding using Java and JavaScript frameworks.Understanding both development and operational dimensions of delivering a cloud solution to market and maintaining it.Create rapid, functional prototypes to aid in vetting technical directions.Maintain and improve continuous integration of already developed Genomics software. Qualifications: • MS degree or equivalent in Computer Science or related fields or a combination of education and experience 7+ years software development work experience in Java and related technologies.Experience with the following technologies: Spring Framework, REST APIs, Spring Boot.Experience with JavaScript frameworks (React, Angular2), single page applications, and modern web applications.Experience with distributed computing tools like Apache Spark or similar.Experience with at least one of the following databases: PostgreSQL, SQL Server, Oracle DB, MySQL, NoSQLExperience with Amazon Web Services for at least 2 years, specifically in these areas;AWS EC2, VPC, and S3AWS CloudFormation, ECSBig Data: data model design, DynamoDB,AWS IAM, Glacier, CloudWatch, Route53 Preferred Qualifications - Atlassian tools (JIRA, Confluence, Bitbucket)Process Management: DockerConfiguration Management: AnsibleCI/CD – Jenkins, BambooScripting with PythonExperience with working in a regulated environment (like HIPPA), Cloud Security Architecture, third party security tools/platforms, encryption, IAM policies/roles, etc. Agilent Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We value diversity at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, pregnancy, race, religion or religious creed, color, gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, registered domestic partner status, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, local law, ordinance, or regulation and will not be discriminated against on these bases.  For more information about equal employment opportunity protections, please view the ‘EEO is the Law’ poster available here:  https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf,  https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf  Agilent Technologies, Inc., is committed to diversity in the workplace and strives to support candidates with disabilities. If you have a disability and need assistance with any part of the application or interview process or have questions about workplace accessibility, please contact +1-262-754-5030 (US and Canada only) or email job_posting@agilent.com. EOE AA M/F/Vet/DisabilityCompany: Business: Diagnostics and Genomics Group Job Category: R&D Job Sub-Category: R&D Region: Americas Country or Area: United States State/Province: California Town/City: Santa Clara Shift: Day Job Job Type: Experienced Schedule: Full-time Travel Required: Occasional Duration  (Temp Positions Only): Not applicable HR Country Location: United States HR Town/City Location : Santa Clara
 As a Senior Software Engineer at Red Ventures, you can drive your own progress. You won't just write code; you will own product development and tech solutions across multiple businesses. You will lead your team to see the whole scope of a project from beginning to end, and grow young developers into experts in the field. Our Senior Software Engineers guide our tech community towards amazing solutions. You will work on a variety of things that include: development of SaaS-based projects, live chat platforms, web analytics suites, live streaming dashboards, and more. You will be part of a team who works together to explore new boundaries and test new technologies. We maintain a tight loop between development, feedback and deployment, which allows us to build world-class solutions to our business, marketing and data quandaries.  Above all else, we value growth and curiosity. Want to learn a new language? Go for it! You'll have plenty of experts in your peer group to guide you and part of your job will be to help guide others as your knowledge can fulfill their curiosity. How We Work:Iterate - Red tape doesnt get in our way. We believe that "Speed Trumps Perfection" so we test and deploy daily.Autonomy Aspiring entrepreneurs succeed here because you will have full-ownership over your work from beginning to end.Collaborate Better than making the dream work, teamwork makes the code work. Through open work-space, Slack and peer reviews, our teams work together to build amazing solutions.Innovate With the belief that Everything is Written in Pencil, we encourage our teams to test new frameworks, learn new languages and challenge the status quo to make us better.What We Are Looking For:7+ years of recent server side experience in technologies such as C#, Golang, PHP, or NodeExperience in front-end technologies such as React, Angular and PolymerExperience with OOP and software design skillsExperience with databases such as MySQL, MongoDB, DynamoDB, etc.Strong ability to develop systems that meet architectural objectives including reusable, scalable codeKnowledge of unit-testing (TDD/BDD tool i.e. Jasmine, Mocha, Protractor)Understanding of how to build and consume REST APIsAnalytical and detail oriented minds with decisive judgement skillsThe ability to prioritize, strategize, execute and deliver projects on timeSelf-motivated and creative problem-solvers who love to challenge themselvesAbout Red Ventures: Red Ventures is a leading digital consumer choice platform based in Charlotte, North Carolina. Through deeply integrated brand partnerships and consumer-facing assets, Red Ventures connects online customers with products and services across high-growth industries including home services, financial services, and healthcare. Founded in 2000, Red Ventures has more than 2,700 employees in offices across the Carolinas, Seattle, Washington, and Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Description Credible Behavioral Health Software is a leading Behavioral Health Enterprise Software company based in Rockville, MD and providing an Electronic Health Record (EHR) to the growing US Behavioral Health market. Recognized by Deloitte as one of the 500 fastest growing companies in North America (see Deloitte Fast 500) and Inc. as one of the Top 50 Companies to work for, Credible is expanding our Rockville, Maryland based team. For Credible, our Mission is paramount and central to our success: Improving the quality of care and lives in behavioral health for clients, families and providers. If you are interested in combining a mission driven position with a fast paced, results oriented culture, please apply today.  Credible is looking for qualified candidates with experience in software development. The Software Developer will have the responsibility of working on Credibles current EHR platform, as well as large datasets with extensive data on healthcare billing, prescriptions, and medical records under the leadership of the Software Development Manager. You will be challenged to take Credibles software platform to the next level by helping to innovate and improve the quality of care for clients, families and our partners by being a key contributor in the development of our platform.  Join the Credible Team! Overall Responsibility for the Software Developer:Develop and execute solutions for the Credible platform, including new features, enhancements and bug fixes.Provide support and troubleshooting assistance to resolve issues that arise.Reviewing epics, user stories, and workflow diagrams to develop solutions.Assist with releases to QA and production environments.Code review and assist colleagues on coding best practices.Work closely with Software Developers and other QA Engineers to deliver the high quality products in a timely and cost-effective manner.Delivering quality work while operating as a team player while valuing Credibles mission and culture.Success Defined for the Software Developer:Learn and master Credible's Software including:Work with other departmental staff to achieve Software Development team objectives.Thorough and accurate time tracking.Partner configuration.Data Dictionary interface.Clinical interface.Billing configuration and troubleshooting.Form Builder.Mobile module.Electronic Prescription, eMar and eLabs.Custom Query Builder.Credible Business Intelligence reports.Portal functionality including Client, Provider and TASK Ticket portals.Meaningful Use configurations and certifications.Security and reporting matrixes.Inpatient Module.Managed Care Module.Additional software functionality and services as they are developed.Qualifications:Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.2+ years of experience in C# & .Net development including SQL and ASP.NetSolid understanding on OO concepts and design patterns utilizing C#Experience with ORMs like Entity Framework, NHibernate, or DapperExperience with ASP.NET MVCExperience with services - WCF, ServiceStack, ASP.NET Web APIExperience with LINQExperience with JavaScript Frameworks/Libraries like jQuery, Angular, Bootstrap, Backbone or KnockoutExperience with Microsoft Unit Testing Framework or other Unit Testing toolObject Modeling skills and experienceExperience working in an Agile development environmentExperience setting up and administering Team Foundation ServerMicrosoft SQL Server 2012/2008/2005Experience with complex Stored Procedures and strong T-SQL skillsStrong analytical and problem solving skillsCandidate must be able to work independently with little or no supervisionCandidate must have excellent written and verbal communication skillsSomeone who can drive processes independentlyMust be authorized to work lawfully in the United StatesWe will not sponsor applicants for work visasThe following skills and experience are a plus:Data ModelingWorking with remote teamsExperience with cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure, etc)Experience with ASP ClassicNoSQL experience (SOLR, MongoDB, etc)Credible is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law.
Basic Qualifications:• Minimum of 2 years of experience with development technologies including VB.Net or C Sharp• Minimum of 2 years of experience with Microsoft Web Development• Minimum of 2 years of experience with SQL or database DevelopmentProfessional Skill Requirements: • Proven ability to work independently and as a team member• Ability to be flexible and work analytically in a problem-solving environment• Excellent communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills• Strong coaching and project management skills• Strong organizational, multi-tasking, and time-management skillsApplicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Accenture is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.Equal Employment Opportunity All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. 
Start your engines. Do you dream about artificial intelligence and machine learning? Would you like to completely change the hospitality industry and the way people take a cruise?  We are building the cruise software of the future, delivering a truly personalized cruise/vacation experience for every passenger. Your work has the potential to make millions of vacations that much more memorable. Cruise into the future with Xevo. We are driven to enable exceptional experiences for people on their journeys. Regardless of where the trip begins or ends, our job is to make it the best journey yet. Utilizing data science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and user feedback, we design user experiences that are smart, safe, personal, and memorable.  Xevo is on the leading edge of the biggest revolution in hospitality technology in the last 50 years. We already provide software platforms for the biggest cruise company in the world and were just getting started. Heres your chance to be part of the team thats changing the world. Xevo. Were kind of a big deal.Work like you mean it Xevo is seeking a Unity Application Developer with a passion for using technology to engineer solutions that creatively solve problems to deliver business value. Qualified candidates will have a robust background developing 3D applications or games for Mobile, TV and PC form factors. The role requires a broad and deep capability to map a problem domain to a fully developed end state solution.  We require technically strong consultants who are resourceful, communicate well, and have good problem solving skills. The successful candidate will have a solid understanding of modern 3D computer graphics development techniques and frameworks. As part of a team that provides project based consulting, you will have the opportunity to work in multiple industry verticals, working on multiple teams and projects with cutting edge immersive technology like HoloLens or VR devices like Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, Gear VR, etc.  As a Unity Application Developer, you will be part of a team of talented developers, business analysts, QA analysts and Product Managers building solutions for Fortune 50 Clients. You will participate in the development life cycle including development, testing, and implementation. You will work hand-in-hand with Product Managers to understand the business requirements and build a software solution. So, do you have what it takes?BS in Computer Science or Software EngineeringTechnical expert using Unity 3D targeting mobile platformsA depth of knowledge of the mathematical and theoretical underpinnings of 3D graphicsC# scripting experienceExperience in development on Windows platformsFamiliarity with DirectX (or strong in OpenGL)Custom Shader developmentFamiliarity with 3D authoring tools like Maya, 3ds MaxStrong software design aptitudeExperience working in collaboration with other developers and source control systems like GIT, TFS or SVNDesign code that is elegant, efficient, modular, reusable, testable, maintainable, and follows good software design practicesCreativity, capacity and a conviction to innovate and deliver best-in-class solutionsStrong collaboration skills, works well with ambiguity, works well across roles and groupsAbility and willingness to take the initiative to facilitate teamwork and serve the client needs firstInterest in learning new technologies, creative, open-minded and a great team playerAdept at task switching to handle varying workload, while meeting tight deadlines
 Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc.As a member of the software engineering division, you will use basic knowledge of software architecture to perform tasks associated with developing, debugging or designing software applications or operating systems according to provided design specifications. Build enhancements within an existing software architecture.Work involves some problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and processes. Gaining competence in own area and acquiring a higher level understanding of role, processes and procedures. BS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 0-2 years of previous software engineering or related experience.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.Software Developer 1 (System Integration)About the TeamAs a member of Oracle Construction & Engineering GBU product development organization, you will design and develop features in the Textura Payment Management Application. You'll join a fast paced and growing team to build the best solutions available for the construction industry.Our team has built solutions using Python and Java. That said, we believe that great developers can program in any language. We're not looking for "N years of experience with technology X", instead we're looking for developers with excellent problem solving, great attitudes, and a drive to learn and improve.Detailed Description and Job RequirementsOur team members design, develop and support the integration platform and subsystems that connects hundreds of customers to Textura Payment Management Cloud Application. As a member of the Integration team, you will be able to apply your software engineering knowledge in the development of high-performance, robust and modern web services that facilitate billions of dollars of B2B transactions every month. As an Associate Software Developer, you will work on design and development of integration components according to provided specifications. You will also be asked to engage in customer integration issues and help resolve problems. While you will be expected to learn quickly and work independently, you will be part of a cross-functional agile team with senior developers for assistance and mentoring. Typical responsibilities include:Enhancing and supporting both the public and internal web services / APIsBuilding new reusable services and components using Python or JavaWorking closely with your team of developers and testersInteracting with customers to implement solutions and troubleshoot issuesGenerating reports and investigating reported bugsWriting technical API and design documentationLearning and applying new technology.A candidate should have:An understanding of fundamental software development roles, processes and proceduresModerately complex problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and processesGood communication skills as well as a positive attitude and a drive to learnA BS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.We believe that our technology stack is easy to pick up but experience with the following will help you hit the ground running:Python and Python-based frameworks like Celery, Django, Flask and SQLAlchemyJava and Java-based frameworks like Spring and HibernateExperience creating and consuming APIs and RESTful web servicesDocker and/or other virtualization/container systems.
 LinQuest is looking for Software Developers capable of conceiving, designing, developing, testing and integrating software to develop next generation network prototypes. Key activities include: Software development and real time programmingNetwork protocol design and implementationPositions are located in Lexington, MARequired SkillsRequired ExperienceBS in CS, Math, Physics, Engineering or equivalent experienceStrong Linux Kernel developmentC/C++ programmingKnowledge of Linux network stackKnowledge IP network protocols and routing and software design practicesDocumentation and configuration managementSoftware or systems testPreferred ExperienceMaster’s Degree in CS, Math, Physics or EngineeringProgramming network protocols in LinuxRouting protocol implementations using Quagga, Cisco or JuniperMatlabC++ and object oriented designKnowledge of real-time systemsRapid prototypingTeam code developmentFamiliarity with networking routing protocols and implementations – OSPF, BGP, AODV, OLSR Job Location  Lexington, US-MA
 Perform system design, development, integration, test, and documentation duties to ensure proper operation of hardware and software platforms. Perform analysis of candidate architecture implementationsDefine and develop interfacesPrototype and optimize hardware componentsExpected to participate in developer led integration of software baselines.Motivated, independent worker to fit on a small problem solving teamLead hardware discussions and collaboration efforts with other hardware teams and organizationsAdhere to accepted standards for development, including writing unit tests, participating in peer reviews, conducting design reviews, and generating test plans to ensure maximum stability and quality of code.  Required Skills / Education:14 + years experience as a software developer7 + years direct experience with Java developer5+ years’ experience with JEE developmentExperience working on Data-driven business applications written in JavaGood communications and documentation skillsExperience with AJAX Single Page Interface technologies such as JavaScript, GWT, EXT-JS, and JQueryMust be comfortable working in either Windows or Linux based environments  Desired:OLTP database (Oracle, MySQL, etc) database experience a plusMongoDB experience a plusExperience with GWTGood working knowledge of Linux/Unix and scripting (sh, bash, perl, and other scripting tools/language)Agile/Scrum methodology a plus  Education Requirement: B.S. in a technical Field  KeyW is a pure-play national security solutions provider for the Intelligence, Cyber and Counterterrorism Communities' toughest challenges. We support the collection, processing, analysis and dissemination of information across the full spectrum of their missions. We employ and challenge more than 2,000 of the most talented professionals in the industry with solving such complex problems as preventing cyber threats, transforming data into intelligence and combating global terrorism.  KeyW, together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries, encourages and actively supports a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and commits to provide equal opportunity to each individual, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, national origin or ancestry, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other classifications protected by Federal, State or local law. In fact, we foster an environment that promotes diversity, balance and fun—because we believe in the importance of having a workplace as unique as the challenges we solve.  This position requires a Top Secret/SCI security clearance, based on current background investigation (SBI), as well as the favorable completion of polygraph. Clearance and polygraph processing will be completed by the U.S. Government.Apply!
 What you'll DoRoleandResponsibilities Your role will be Software Engineer-UI and you will responsible for designing, developing, extending and maintaining our web application. You are an expert demonstrated a strong focus on software design, user experience, workflow simplicity and elegance. You also have a broad expertise in web technologies, with an emphasis on interactive, real-time experiences with a multi-cloud backend. We are looking for someone who is passionate about Data Analytics, Cloud and Location Based Services.You will work with customers, development and product marketing teams to determine product requirements. You will be responsible for the overall architecture and development of new features. You thrive in a fast-paced dynamic environment that requires a unique blend of innovation, risk taking and speed of execution.Who you'll Work With Cisco Connected Mobile Experience group is looking for talented software developers to join us in providing groundbreaking, intuitive and delightful experiences in addressing location based services on Cisco’s wireless infrastructure.  Do you love spearheading innovation through personal initiative? Would it excite you to be part of a highly motivated best of breed engineering team who is redefining and refreshing the software portfolio for Cisco's Connected Mobile Experience team? Would you like to challenge yourself in driving a key technology transition in the Wireless Industry while working the market leader? Would you love to develop code using the most modern development methods using a test driven development focus? Can you demonstrates the ability to develop software with a system-level focus while understanding the impact of every component, work with minimal supervision, collaborate with a multi-functional team and demonstrates technical knowledge and project management experience to accomplish the goals. Who You AreRequiredQualificationsProfessional Degree: BS / MS in Computer Science or Engineering.1 year of real time experience in developing React JS based applications with Redux.Got 3+ years of strong experience in Front End technologiesExpert in HTML5 and CSS3.Experienced in Object Oriented JavaScript (ES5 & ES6).An expert in developing enterprise level responsive web pages or applicationsExperience on unit testing code with JEST / Jasmine / Mocha / Chai is desiredExpert working with Node JS.Job RequirementsExperience driving large web based software projectsStrong experience with git and git conceptsExcellent English spoken and written skills.Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, teammateWhy Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren't afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.  We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 About Spectrum Enterprise  Spectrum Enterprise, a part of Charter Communications, is a national provider of scalable, fiber-based technology solutions serving many of America's largest businesses and communications service providers.  The broad Spectrum Enterprise portfolio includes Internet access, Ethernet access and networks, Voice and TV solutions extending to Managed IT solutions, including Application, Cloud Infrastructure and Managed Hosting Services offered by its affiliate, Navisite. Our industry-leading team of experts work closely with clients to achieve greater business success by providing these right-fit solutions designed to meet their evolving needs. For more information, visit enterprise.spectrum.com.  Job Summary  Designs, develops, modifies, enhances and implements software systems designed to support new or existing business initiatives. Projects are usually of considerable complexity and require a mastery of development tools. Works in most phases of a project and reviews work of less experienced staff members. Performs maintenance and provides technical assistance and advice on existing software solutions.  Major Duties and Responsibilities Actively and consistently supports all efforts to simplify and enhance the customer experienceCodes and performs unit and integration testing of software to ensure proper and efficient execution and adherence to business and technical requirementsCodes, tests, and debugs new software or makes enhancements to existing softwareDesigns and writes programs according to functional and non-functional requirementsLeads code review sessions to validate adherence with development standardsReviews and provides input into development standardsDevelops and maintains technical documentationServes as final escalation point to resolve incidents and problems for production applications and web services supported by the team in accordance with identified Service Level AgreementsCollaborates with internal customers, technical and architecture teams to solve complex software problemsProvides general system users and management with system analysis and feedbackInfluences system design by identifying and recommending design and requirements needs for software enhancementsMentors and coaches less experienced staffMaximizes the efficiency of the various software systems by implementing, monitoring, testing and auditing new software programsParticipates in continuous performance improvement sessions to discuss opportunities to improve processes or standardsAnalyzes and resolves computer related problems by coordinating with in-house personnel to diagnose and fix operational issues, as well as consulting, advising and training on specialized features and functionsFollows established configuration/change control processes Required Qualifications Ability to read, write, speak, and understand EnglishKnowledge of Voice, Data, Video, Wireless technologiesUnderstanding of software design patterns and principlesAbility to identify measures or indicators of system performance and the actions needed to improve or correct performance, relative to the goals of the systemAbility to deal with ambiguity, uncertainty, and incomplete information when evaluating alternatives and making recommendationsAbility to work seamlessly within a team as well as manage individual tasksCreative and abstract thinking skills to envision and design innovative solutions to business opportunities and challengesProven ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal directionAbility to listen and evaluate all opinions without bias, and contribute to a common culture of excellenceExtensive technical knowledge of Information Technology field and computer systemsStrong communication skills (written, interpersonal, presentation), with the ability to easily and effectively interact and negotiate with business stakeholdersStrong ability to pick up complex concepts and processes quicklyProven leadership abilities including ability to share knowledge, resolve conflict and create consensusDemonstrated ability to take the lead on the most complex projects Education BA/BS in Information Technology, Computer Science, related field or equivalent work experience Related Work Experience 6 plus years experience with major DBMS6 plus years experience with coding, testing and design6 plus years experience with software development methodologies Working Conditions Office environment
Build software with a purpose.Epic is looking to hire top-notch software developers to join our team focused on making healthcare safer and more efficient. As a developer at Epic, your work will directly impact the way 56% of Americans receive healthcare - in fact, it's likely you will affect the life of someone close to you. Working at the junction of two growing fields, medicine and computer science, you'll help create the best software for your users' needs - from the massively scalable database to the user interface for visualizing complex information. You'll meet with doctors, nurses, and other front-line professionals to understand their workflows and turn their needs into innovative software. Your work will help reduce medical errors, improve the management of chronic diseases, and find new ways to facilitate collaboration between patients and their care teams.Epic's campus provides offices conducive to working with small, focused teams in a collaborative and one-of-a-kind environment. You will build multi-tier enterprise software for large healthcare organizations using a variety of technologies, as well as a variety of devices, from tablets to large wall-mounted screens. You'll work with forward thinking colleagues from around the world. One visit to Epic and you'll know we take our software seriously - ourselves, not so much. (Did we mention the treehouse?)More than just important work.Epic is located in Madison, Wisconsin, a city regularly ranked as one of America's best places to live. Epic's environment is one of continuous learning; you'll have access to opportunities to expand your skill set and share your knowledge with others. We offer comprehensive benefits to keep you healthy and happy as you grow in your life and career, and your merit-based compensation will reflect the impact your work has on the company and our customers. You'll also be eligible for annual raises and bonuses, as well as stock appreciation rights, which give you an even greater stake in the success of Epic and our customers. Epic is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action (W/M/Vets/Disability) employer.
Position Overview The Software Quality Engineering Manager is a working manager with a design, software, testing, and automation background proficient in leading, mentoring, and growing a Software Quality Engineering (SQE) team in Maple Plain, MN. Candidates must come from a technical / computer science / software engineering background with demonstrated experience leading quality engineering teams, and using / evangelizing automated software testing to ensure the delivery of quality solutions. Specificduties include:Company AlignmentUnderstand, communicate, and align team contributions to strategic company direction, vision, and valuesWork with peers and management on many levels to establish relationships and understand priorities to help drive the team’s day-to-day workRecommend process improvements to achieve higher levels of software quality and meet overall business objectivesTeam EngagementProvide personal and career path guidanceDevelop team member performance through 1:1s and formal reviewsNurture a culture of engagement through leading by example and enthusiasmTeam ProductivityDevelop problem analysis, estimating, and development of testing practices and processesDevelop and mentor advances in testing strategies and approaches to optimizing testing effectivenessDevelop, adopt, and adapt Agile testing practicesDesign and review implementation of the test automation framework and automated test suites.Work with cross functional teams to tailor test strategies to ensure and increase software qualityReview and manage test plans and schedules on multiple projects concurrentlyMinimum Qualifications3-5 years of directly managing, leading, and working closely with software quality and automation engineersExperience supervising staff and making technical and resource decisionsExperience providing work direction and coaching for software quality teamsAble to evaluate employee performance and establish a path to successAble to create a climate of collaboration and teamwork in order to build trusted relationships amongst team members and coworkersAble to adapt quickly to situational changes and bring the team through changes with minimal disruptionHands on experience working on test automation framework and creating automated testsHands on experience using Python, REST APIs, Selenium, or other frameworks/scripting languagesSolid understanding of general software development lifecycle and methodologies, especially Agile and ScrumUnderstanding and experience with CI& CD practices like automated tests, builds, and deploymentsDemonstrated history of staying current on best practices in technologyExcellent problem solving and communication skills, along with a strong work ethicEducation Requirements:A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related fieldAll Proto Labs facilities in the United States are ITAR-compliant operations. Due to ITAR regulations, Proto Labs is only able to employ U.S. Citizens, lawful permanent residents (green card holders) or foreign nationals granted refugee or asylee status. Individuals with temporary visas (e.g. E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, TN or OPT) are not eligible for hire. Proto Labs is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer: Minorities, Women, Veterans& Disabilities. 

 Sensor Software Engineer  Location  Vancouver  Apply Now  p.p1 { margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 14.0px Arial; } span.s1 { } LMI Technologies, recognized as one of Canada’s 50 Best Workplaces, is a medium-sized technology company built on a culture of openness, respect and professional excellence. At LMI our staff work passionately toward the common goal of designing and delivering innovative 3D machine vision solutions to OEMs and System Integrators working in industrial factory automation around the world. The result of this teamwork is high-performance, easy-to-implement and cost-effective 3D sensor technologies that deliver the best results in even the most challenging 3D inline inspection applications.Position Summary:Our ongoing growth has resulted in the need for a talented software engineer with the desire and skill set to design machine vision sensors. Responsibilities will include producing sensor design specifications (optics, lighting, cameras, algorithms), implementing and testing sensor designs, developing demo application software, development of 3D acquisition pipeline for our sensors (algorithms for producing 3D data from images), development of sensor calibration pipeline, development of manufacturing software tools required to build the sensors and control key component performance (e.g. software tasks for focusing and aligning cameras/lasers/projectors, quantifying and adjusting sensor sensitivity, etc.), characterization and validation of prototype sensor performance, and integrating final designs with customers. You will work with another team member to take a statement of requirements from prototype to final product, ensuring successful integration with customer applications.You should have the ability to carry out the work with little supervision but in concert with other team schedules.Typical Duties, Activities, Responsibilities:Passion for leading edge technology, out of the box thinking and its challengesPositive outlook, creative with an ability to quickly learn new conceptsAbility to work in small teams and be accountable for your performance and documentationEmbedded developmentCode optimization for x86 and TI DSP platformsUser interface development with MFCUser interface development with CSS/HTML/Javascript 2D/3D graphics programmingUnit testing experienceImage processing and analysis techniquesMachine vision experienceExperience with 3D metrologyExperience with computer vision Education and Qualifications:Solid knowledge of C/C++ using Microsoft Visual Studio 2003 or higherExperience with vision algorithms, memory management, threading/synchronizationExperience with TCP/UDP/IP networkingProficiency in object-oriented programmingDiligent documentation/reportingSuperior English communication skills - both written and verbalDegree / Diploma in Computer Science or Electrical/Computer Engineering3-5 years work experience in a disciplined development environment p.p1 { margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 14.0px Arial; } span.s1 { } If you are interested in working for a fast-growing global technology company with an inspiring and engaging workplace environment, we invite you to apply and talk about the possibilities of beginning a rewarding new chapter of your career.
We are now looking for a Computer Vision and Automotive Developer Technology Engineer: We are now looking for passionate engineers to work on Computer Vision and Self-Driving Vehicles. As member of our DevTech team you will work with cutting-edge applications of computer vision, machine learning, and automotive for NVIDIA's next-generation products. You will research and invent new computer vision and deep learning algorithms, develop and optimize data parallel implementations, create technical demos and prototypes, write whitepapers and present your work at conferences and to partners. In this role you will build a close technical relationship with both our partners during product development, and NVIDIA's architecture and software teams to ensure the best possible performance results. You will be developing great experience with current and next-generation hardware platforms. What you’ll be doing:Working with partners on computer vision, machine learning, and self driving vehicles. Some travel is necessary for onsite visits.Research and Develop algorithms in computer vision, deep learning applications.Develop new functionality in SDK (VisionWorks, DriveWorks, OpenCV).What we need to see:Strong Knowledge of C/C++, parallel algorithms , programming techniques, strong mathematical fundamentals.Experience in Computer Vision and Machine LearningMS or PhD in computer science or related engineering discipline with 3+ years of experience.Good communication skills.Ways to stand out from the crowd:CUDA development and optimization experienceExperience with GPU development with Computer Vision projectsKnowledge or experience working with Deep Learning FrameworksExperience working with open source projects and as well as creating your own projects on github or other open source repositories. #Deeplearning  We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer
Location: San Antonio, TX USPosition Description  SRC, Inc. is currently seeking a software developer in the San Antonio, Texas area that specializes in web-based, Java and database technologies. The selected candidate will provide technical leadership and hands-on software development and lifecycle support at Lackland AFB. ResponsibilitiesCollaborate on the design, development, testing, implementation and documentation of multiple software development projectsParticipate in design control activities related to the software development process, particularly from a requirements-driven perspectiveAssess level of effort for tasks and projects when neededReport status of technical work and project progressWork independently and collaboratively in a geographically spread teamPlan and conduct software testsUnderstand key business processes and stakeholder needs Position Requirements Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, or related degreeApplied knowledge and experience (three to five years minimum) as a software developer on Java web-based projects connecting to a database backend (preferably Oracle, MySQL, or PostegreSQL)Developer experience in several of the following technologies preferred: SQL, JDBC, Java, Java script, XML, Spring/HibernateKnowledge and experience with relational database designExperience working in Linux and Windows environmentsExperience with APEX (Oracle’s Application Express), Microsoft SharePoint, JBoss or Tomcat a plusSecurity Clearance Requirements An active Secret security clearance and current investigation are required.
 Description About OpenMarketWe’ve got a pretty good thing going on here at OpenMarket. We’re leaders of a mobile industry that's transforming the way customer obsessed businesses communicate with their customers.  The world’s biggest brands seek us out because we love finding ways to help them make their customers’ lives easier. It’s this obsession with customer experience that helps us develop software, technology and processes that competitors all over the world desire.  OpenMarket Culture  We’re seeking enthusiastic, collaborative and resourceful people from a range of backgrounds who know how to get things done. Success comes from our culture, diversity and dynamic global team so we value people who are authentic, take ownership, and deliver together. Does this sound like you? Join our team: we're friendly, caring, weirdly tenacious, and fun.  Senior Software Development Engineer  OpenMarket is currently seeking senior software developers to design, build, configure, and test platform software. Our service oriented architecture consists of a growing number of web services that drive our mobile messaging platform. Working on a small, dedicated platform service team, you will ensure your tools and services are able to scale and server other engineer teams while maintaining high-performance in a 99.99% up-time environment.  Do you value having end-to-end ownership of your services? Teams handle the deployment, operation, and monitoring of the services they own. In addition, some off-hours/on-call support may be required in a “last tier” support capacity.  What to bring Expert-level skills as a senior Java engineer with enterprise-level services (scalability, high availability, and multithreading)Rich experience in data processingStrong problem-solving and design skillsSolid practices around testing to ensure quality (e.g. unit testing, TDD, integration testing, performance testing)Own and progress the resolution of production issues to minimize customer impactHave a customer experience mindsetIdentify technical inefficiencies or gaps and collaborate with other teams to find a resolutionExperience in continuous delivery Nice to have Working knowledge of big data in a distributed environmentHands-on experience in cloud computing, preferably in AWSExperience in working with international teams You’ll be a great fit if You love being a part of a small, dynamic and agile team that encourages you to learn and growYou desire to work with some of the world’s top brandsYou love finding solutions to interesting problemsYou welcome having autonomy with complex tasksYou are passionate about using your experience and expertise to inspire the team Education/Training Required A Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or equivalent experience.Additional Information This position is open in Seattle, WA.  OpenMarket is an equal opportunity (EEO) employer.  We are unable to sponsor new U.S. work visas at this time.  Employment in this position may be contingent upon successful completion of a criminal and/or credit background investigation. 
We are now looking for a Deep Learning & Computer Vision Software Engineer: Academic and commercial groups around the world are using GPUs to apply deep learning techniques that drive computer vision breakthroughs. Nvidia is seeking computer vision engineers familiar with applying deep learning to drive innovative computer vision usages on our Mobile devices.  This position provides the chance to define, implement, productize, and ship deep learning driven computer vision algorithms on mobile and embedded platforms. As part of the Camera and Mobile Vision Software Team, you will work closely with diverse set of engineers from Android software team, Camera Driver Team, Research and Architecture Teams. Strong communication skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic product-oriented team.  You have experience applying deep learning to solve computer vision problems. This role is hands on, so a strong engineering sense and a methodical approach are critical. Experience developing production code and apps that offer creative image processing and/or computational photography usages is a huge plus. What you’ll be doing:You'll prototype and develop deep learning driven computer vision/imaging algorithms for embedded and mobile platformsYou'll use developments made in other groups such as the research and automotive teamsDrive the testing, documentation, verification, productization and maintenance of the algorithms and the s/w modules that use themDevelop tools to assist with algorithm development, algorithm testing, and image quality evaluation and validation, etc.What we need to see:Advanced degree (MS or PhD) with a focus in Deep Learning, Computer Vision, or Artificial Intelligence; or equivalent relevant experience.5 years of relevant work experienceExpertise in deep learning, deep neural networks, convolutional neural networks, random forests, classifiers, feature representations, AI / Artificial Intelligence and/or related techniques.Familiarity with one or more neural network frameworks such as Theano, Torch or CaffeConsistent track record of academic or industrial research, with an emphasis on solving real-world problems.Occasional travel to conferences and for customer visits may be required.Excellent C/C++ programming and software design skills, including debugging, performance analysis, and test design.Strong background in Cuda strongly preferredProgramming experience on/with Android, Linux platforms, Arm Neon, OpenGL, and OpenCL are a plus.Python, Java, and/or Matlab programming experience are pluses. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative, autonomous and love a challenge, we want to hear from you! ​​ #deeplearning  We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer
 We are looking for a candidate who is passionate about technology, product development and can thrive in a fast-paced environment to support the growth of our Content Management and Workflow system. The right candidate will have a solid understanding of full stack web development, latest industry trends and frameworks. We are passionate about delivering an exceptional experience to our users and transforming the Insurance industry with our products. If you love technology and solving real problems for real people, you are who we’re looking for.  As a Software Engineer, you will have the opportunity to implement and grow as a full stack developer by delivering great products to our users. You’ll help build web and service-oriented applications on a .Net platform as well as delighting users with a clean, intuitive interface using the latest web technologies. You will also have the opportunity to bring your creativity and ideas to the table to deliver better solutions to our users.  The Altanta product development team is responsible for multiple in-house and on-line solutions built on a .Net platform that improve the efficiency of content management, workflow, and information management for carriers, agencies, and brokers within the insurance industry.  We work and play in an open concept environment located in midtown Atlanta. We deliver products frequently to our clients using agile methodologies. This is a great opportunity to make a difference within the organization.  We have a smart team of engineers dedicated to helping each other and delivering high quality products to our customers. Our managers are dedicated to growing their people and offering an opportunity that allows you to make impact in your career and get the recognition you deserve.  Over the past 40 years, Vertafore has advanced the business of insurance by bringing together the best software in the industry to help agencies, carriers, and MGAs run their organizations. Today, we’re proud to say hundreds of thousands of Vertafore users rely on our solutions to write business faster, cut costs, and fuel growth by increasing collaboration and streamlining processes. Vertafore helps our customers deliver exceptional value to their clients with innovative, intuitive, and comprehensive products and services. Vertafore leads the industry with secure, cloud-based mobile products that provide superior reporting and analytics, delivering actionable insight— right when customers need it most.  Vertafore strongly supports equal employment opportunity for all applicants regardless of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by state or federal law equal employment. Visit http://www.vertafore.com/careers today!  We need product developers that have: Experience with implementing software development principles and design patterns, preferably .NetCapability to implement solutions independentlyExperience with implementing an elegant user experience using javascript frameworksExperience with Web API and SaaS products  We love product developers that:Are creative and committed to solving problems for our usersHave an intense passion for programmingCan interact with customers to gather insights and translate technical conceptsOperate in a fast-paced, flexible work environmentLove to collaborate with others
Ref No.: 17-00888Location: HOMESTEAD, PennsylvaniaPosition Type: Full Time/ContractJob Description The project is a Web Application using Angular.JS, CSS, JavaScript, API, C#, SQL. The project is data management tool - all healthcare data. They mostly work on front end while interacting with the back end team. Technology Environment: HTML/JavaScript/CSS  Angular JS ASP.NET MVCC# ASP.NET Web API  Entity Framework/LINQ  SQL Server GIT ASP.NET 4.5+, Visual Studio .NET 2012+, C#, MVC 4+, Web API (REST), HTML, jQuery, JavaScript, Angular.JS, JavaScript frameworks, CSS, SQL Server 2012+, SQL, MSMQ, SOA, caching, scalable web applications, design patterns, Entity Framework, LINQ, GIT
Req ID 95768BR Business Title Software Developer (Full) Group MCIS Location USA MARYLAND Annapolis Junction Clearance Level Needed TS/SCI Category Systems Development Job Duties and Responsibilities  Become an integral part of a diverse team that leads the world in Mission, Cyber, and Intelligence Solutions. At ManTech International Corporation, you will help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement. Software Developer:Provide software development support for multiple, browser-based node-link graphing applications and support tools.Create and provide software updates to meet requirementsRespond to user requests for supportDevelop and maintain integration documentation through the use of APIsMonitor and maintain product operational environmentsResolve issues of interoperability between products and other associated programs or systemsAdhere to the products agile software development processResponsibilities include: o Translating requirements and customer feedback into actionable designs for software developers  o Configuration Management of development servers (virtual & physical) for continuous integration and deployment of product releases  o Application Testing  o Application release planning  o Creating mockups, wireframes, HTML/CSS for new features  o User interface, front-end development to include styling and CSS bug fixes Required Skills: o Experience developing with Java, JavaScript, Java Build/Development tools  Preferred Skills  o Working with Data Visualization platforms /data  o jQuery  o Visual Studio  o Apache  o Mongo  o Git  o JIRA / Confluence Qualifications Requires Bachelor’s degree (in Engineering, Computer Science or related field) or equivalent, and five to seven years of related work experience. Degrees Equivalent Experience/Education  Bachelor's Degree Years of Experience 11-13 years w/High School Diploma  05-07 years w/Bachelors Degree  02-04 years w/Masters Degree Position Type Full-Time Shift Day Overview ManTech International Corporation is comprised of approximately 7,300 talented employees who use advanced technology to help government and industry meet some of their greatest challenges around the world. We adhere to the simple, no-nonsense values on which ManTech was founded more than four decades ago, aligning squarely with the mission objectives of our customers. As our customer base continues to expand and diversify, we continue to diversify our workforce and solutions. Nearly half our employees have a military background, and approximately 70 percent hold a government security clearance. As a leading provider of innovative technology services and solutions for the nation's defense, security, health, space, and intelligence communities; we hold nearly 1,100 active contracts with more than 50 different government agencies.
 As a Senior Software Engineer at Red Ventures, you can drive your own progress. You won't just write code; you will own product development and tech solutions across multiple businesses. You will lead your team to see the whole scope of a project from beginning to end, and grow young developers into experts in the field. Our Senior Software Engineers guide our tech community towards amazing solutions. You will work on a variety of things that include: development of SaaS-based projects, live chat platforms, web analytics suites, live streaming dashboards, and more. You will be part of a team who works together to explore new boundaries and test new technologies. We maintain a tight loop between development, feedback and deployment, which allows us to build world-class solutions to our business, marketing and data quandaries.  Above all else, we value growth and curiosity. Want to learn a new language? Go for it! You'll have plenty of experts in your peer group to guide you and part of your job will be to help guide others as your knowledge can fulfill their curiosity. How We Work:Iterate - Red tape doesnt get in our way. We believe that "Speed Trumps Perfection" so we test and deploy daily.Autonomy Aspiring entrepreneurs succeed here because you will have full-ownership over your work from beginning to end.Collaborate Better than making the dream work, teamwork makes the code work. Through open work-space, Slack and peer reviews, our teams work together to build amazing solutions.Innovate With the belief that Everything is Written in Pencil, we encourage our teams to test new frameworks, learn new languages and challenge the status quo to make us better.What We Are Looking For:7+ years of recent server side experience in technologies such as C#, Golang, PHP, or NodeExperience in front-end technologies such as React, Angular and PolymerExperience with OOP and software design skillsExperience with databases such as MySQL, MongoDB, DynamoDB, etc.Strong ability to develop systems that meet architectural objectives including reusable, scalable codeKnowledge of unit-testing (TDD/BDD tool i.e. Jasmine, Mocha, Protractor)Understanding of how to build and consume REST APIsAnalytical and detail oriented minds with decisive judgement skillsThe ability to prioritize, strategize, execute and deliver projects on timeSelf-motivated and creative problem-solvers who love to challenge themselvesAbout Red Ventures: Red Ventures is a leading digital consumer choice platform based in Charlotte, North Carolina. Through deeply integrated brand partnerships and consumer-facing assets, Red Ventures connects online customers with products and services across high-growth industries including home services, financial services, and healthcare. Founded in 2000, Red Ventures has more than 2,700 employees in offices across the Carolinas, Seattle, Washington, and Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Basic Qualifications:• Minimum of 2 years of experience with development technologies including VB.Net or C Sharp• Minimum of 2 years of experience with Microsoft Web Development• Minimum of 2 years of experience with SQL or database DevelopmentProfessional Skill Requirements: • Proven ability to work independently and as a team member• Ability to be flexible and work analytically in a problem-solving environment• Excellent communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills• Strong coaching and project management skills• Strong organizational, multi-tasking, and time-management skillsApplicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Accenture is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.Equal Employment Opportunity All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. 
 Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc.As a member of the software engineering division, you will use basic knowledge of software architecture to perform tasks associated with developing, debugging or designing software applications or operating systems according to provided design specifications. Build enhancements within an existing software architecture.Work involves some problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and processes. Gaining competence in own area and acquiring a higher level understanding of role, processes and procedures. BS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 0-2 years of previous software engineering or related experience.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.Software Developer 1 (System Integration)About the TeamAs a member of Oracle Construction & Engineering GBU product development organization, you will design and develop features in the Textura Payment Management Application. You'll join a fast paced and growing team to build the best solutions available for the construction industry.Our team has built solutions using Python and Java. That said, we believe that great developers can program in any language. We're not looking for "N years of experience with technology X", instead we're looking for developers with excellent problem solving, great attitudes, and a drive to learn and improve.Detailed Description and Job RequirementsOur team members design, develop and support the integration platform and subsystems that connects hundreds of customers to Textura Payment Management Cloud Application. As a member of the Integration team, you will be able to apply your software engineering knowledge in the development of high-performance, robust and modern web services that facilitate billions of dollars of B2B transactions every month. As an Associate Software Developer, you will work on design and development of integration components according to provided specifications. You will also be asked to engage in customer integration issues and help resolve problems. While you will be expected to learn quickly and work independently, you will be part of a cross-functional agile team with senior developers for assistance and mentoring. Typical responsibilities include:Enhancing and supporting both the public and internal web services / APIsBuilding new reusable services and components using Python or JavaWorking closely with your team of developers and testersInteracting with customers to implement solutions and troubleshoot issuesGenerating reports and investigating reported bugsWriting technical API and design documentationLearning and applying new technology.A candidate should have:An understanding of fundamental software development roles, processes and proceduresModerately complex problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and processesGood communication skills as well as a positive attitude and a drive to learnA BS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.We believe that our technology stack is easy to pick up but experience with the following will help you hit the ground running:Python and Python-based frameworks like Celery, Django, Flask and SQLAlchemyJava and Java-based frameworks like Spring and HibernateExperience creating and consuming APIs and RESTful web servicesDocker and/or other virtualization/container systems.
 Perform system design, development, integration, test, and documentation duties to ensure proper operation of hardware and software platforms. Perform analysis of candidate architecture implementationsDefine and develop interfacesPrototype and optimize hardware componentsExpected to participate in developer led integration of software baselines.Motivated, independent worker to fit on a small problem solving teamLead hardware discussions and collaboration efforts with other hardware teams and organizationsAdhere to accepted standards for development, including writing unit tests, participating in peer reviews, conducting design reviews, and generating test plans to ensure maximum stability and quality of code.  Required Skills / Education:14 + years experience as a software developer7 + years direct experience with Java developer5+ years’ experience with JEE developmentExperience working on Data-driven business applications written in JavaGood communications and documentation skillsExperience with AJAX Single Page Interface technologies such as JavaScript, GWT, EXT-JS, and JQueryMust be comfortable working in either Windows or Linux based environments  Desired:OLTP database (Oracle, MySQL, etc) database experience a plusMongoDB experience a plusExperience with GWTGood working knowledge of Linux/Unix and scripting (sh, bash, perl, and other scripting tools/language)Agile/Scrum methodology a plus  Education Requirement: B.S. in a technical Field  KeyW is a pure-play national security solutions provider for the Intelligence, Cyber and Counterterrorism Communities' toughest challenges. We support the collection, processing, analysis and dissemination of information across the full spectrum of their missions. We employ and challenge more than 2,000 of the most talented professionals in the industry with solving such complex problems as preventing cyber threats, transforming data into intelligence and combating global terrorism.  KeyW, together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries, encourages and actively supports a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and commits to provide equal opportunity to each individual, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, national origin or ancestry, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other classifications protected by Federal, State or local law. In fact, we foster an environment that promotes diversity, balance and fun—because we believe in the importance of having a workplace as unique as the challenges we solve.  This position requires a Top Secret/SCI security clearance, based on current background investigation (SBI), as well as the favorable completion of polygraph. Clearance and polygraph processing will be completed by the U.S. Government.Apply!
 About Spectrum Enterprise  Spectrum Enterprise, a part of Charter Communications, is a national provider of scalable, fiber-based technology solutions serving many of America's largest businesses and communications service providers.  The broad Spectrum Enterprise portfolio includes Internet access, Ethernet access and networks, Voice and TV solutions extending to Managed IT solutions, including Application, Cloud Infrastructure and Managed Hosting Services offered by its affiliate, Navisite. Our industry-leading team of experts work closely with clients to achieve greater business success by providing these right-fit solutions designed to meet their evolving needs. For more information, visit enterprise.spectrum.com.  Job Summary  Designs, develops, modifies, enhances and implements software systems designed to support new or existing business initiatives. Projects are usually of considerable complexity and require a mastery of development tools. Works in most phases of a project and reviews work of less experienced staff members. Performs maintenance and provides technical assistance and advice on existing software solutions.  Major Duties and Responsibilities Actively and consistently supports all efforts to simplify and enhance the customer experienceCodes and performs unit and integration testing of software to ensure proper and efficient execution and adherence to business and technical requirementsCodes, tests, and debugs new software or makes enhancements to existing softwareDesigns and writes programs according to functional and non-functional requirementsLeads code review sessions to validate adherence with development standardsReviews and provides input into development standardsDevelops and maintains technical documentationServes as final escalation point to resolve incidents and problems for production applications and web services supported by the team in accordance with identified Service Level AgreementsCollaborates with internal customers, technical and architecture teams to solve complex software problemsProvides general system users and management with system analysis and feedbackInfluences system design by identifying and recommending design and requirements needs for software enhancementsMentors and coaches less experienced staffMaximizes the efficiency of the various software systems by implementing, monitoring, testing and auditing new software programsParticipates in continuous performance improvement sessions to discuss opportunities to improve processes or standardsAnalyzes and resolves computer related problems by coordinating with in-house personnel to diagnose and fix operational issues, as well as consulting, advising and training on specialized features and functionsFollows established configuration/change control processes Required Qualifications Ability to read, write, speak, and understand EnglishKnowledge of Voice, Data, Video, Wireless technologiesUnderstanding of software design patterns and principlesAbility to identify measures or indicators of system performance and the actions needed to improve or correct performance, relative to the goals of the systemAbility to deal with ambiguity, uncertainty, and incomplete information when evaluating alternatives and making recommendationsAbility to work seamlessly within a team as well as manage individual tasksCreative and abstract thinking skills to envision and design innovative solutions to business opportunities and challengesProven ability to work independently; designing, developing and deploying solutions, and to deliver projects on time with minimal directionAbility to listen and evaluate all opinions without bias, and contribute to a common culture of excellenceExtensive technical knowledge of Information Technology field and computer systemsStrong communication skills (written, interpersonal, presentation), with the ability to easily and effectively interact and negotiate with business stakeholdersStrong ability to pick up complex concepts and processes quicklyProven leadership abilities including ability to share knowledge, resolve conflict and create consensusDemonstrated ability to take the lead on the most complex projects Education BA/BS in Information Technology, Computer Science, related field or equivalent work experience Related Work Experience 6 plus years experience with major DBMS6 plus years experience with coding, testing and design6 plus years experience with software development methodologies Working Conditions Office environment
Position Overview The Software Quality Engineering Manager is a working manager with a design, software, testing, and automation background proficient in leading, mentoring, and growing a Software Quality Engineering (SQE) team in Maple Plain, MN. Candidates must come from a technical / computer science / software engineering background with demonstrated experience leading quality engineering teams, and using / evangelizing automated software testing to ensure the delivery of quality solutions. Specificduties include:Company AlignmentUnderstand, communicate, and align team contributions to strategic company direction, vision, and valuesWork with peers and management on many levels to establish relationships and understand priorities to help drive the team’s day-to-day workRecommend process improvements to achieve higher levels of software quality and meet overall business objectivesTeam EngagementProvide personal and career path guidanceDevelop team member performance through 1:1s and formal reviewsNurture a culture of engagement through leading by example and enthusiasmTeam ProductivityDevelop problem analysis, estimating, and development of testing practices and processesDevelop and mentor advances in testing strategies and approaches to optimizing testing effectivenessDevelop, adopt, and adapt Agile testing practicesDesign and review implementation of the test automation framework and automated test suites.Work with cross functional teams to tailor test strategies to ensure and increase software qualityReview and manage test plans and schedules on multiple projects concurrentlyMinimum Qualifications3-5 years of directly managing, leading, and working closely with software quality and automation engineersExperience supervising staff and making technical and resource decisionsExperience providing work direction and coaching for software quality teamsAble to evaluate employee performance and establish a path to successAble to create a climate of collaboration and teamwork in order to build trusted relationships amongst team members and coworkersAble to adapt quickly to situational changes and bring the team through changes with minimal disruptionHands on experience working on test automation framework and creating automated testsHands on experience using Python, REST APIs, Selenium, or other frameworks/scripting languagesSolid understanding of general software development lifecycle and methodologies, especially Agile and ScrumUnderstanding and experience with CI& CD practices like automated tests, builds, and deploymentsDemonstrated history of staying current on best practices in technologyExcellent problem solving and communication skills, along with a strong work ethicEducation Requirements:A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related fieldAll Proto Labs facilities in the United States are ITAR-compliant operations. Due to ITAR regulations, Proto Labs is only able to employ U.S. Citizens, lawful permanent residents (green card holders) or foreign nationals granted refugee or asylee status. Individuals with temporary visas (e.g. E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, TN or OPT) are not eligible for hire. Proto Labs is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer: Minorities, Women, Veterans& Disabilities. 

 AnaVation is looking for talented Software Engineers who are passionate about technology and working with cutting edge software and hardware to support our mission critical customer in Northen, VA area. The ideal candidate appreciates partnering with our customer and a group of engineers to create innovative engineering solutionsRequired:Full lifecycle web application development experienceDevelopment experience in the following languages and platforms: Java, Spring, Spring-Boot, Gradle, Ant, JavaScript, Linux, both SQL and no-SQL databasesExperience with middleware products such as Apache and TomcatExperience with AWS offerings such as EC2, ELB, ASG, RDS, DynamoDB, EMRExperience with Agile developmentExperience with DevOps/CI tools such as Git Hub, Puppet, CloudFormation and JenkinsActive TS/SCI with Poly security clearanceDesired:Experience with both the operation of and interfacing with search engines such as Solr/ElasticsearchUnderstanding of ETL, and experience with ETL tools: NiFi, Pentaho, TwisterUnderstanding of Hadoop ecosystem and tools such as Cloudera AnaVation is an Equal Employment/Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate in hiring on the basis of sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religious creed, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.  If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by email at accommodations@anavationllc.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Requests for accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Please note that only inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address.
Responsibilities:Responsible for developing new programs and proofing the program to assure production of a quality productResponsible for analysis of current programs including performance, diagnosis and troubleshooting of problem programs, and designing solutions to problematic programmingResponding promptly and professionally to customer issuesRequirements/Skill Set:BS or equivalent with 5+ years of experience in Microsoft technologiesExperience in software development using ASP.Net, C# technologies, AJAX, Web Services/WCFExperience in reporting services is an added advantageStrong understanding of OO Implementation, .Net Framework 3.5/4.0, Web Forms & MVC ArchitectureStrong understanding of database concepts, SQL queries & stored proceduresExperience in managing web applications in publishing, configuring & deploying using IIS is desirableKnowledge/experience in JavaScript & third party tools like Telerik, jQuery, JavaScript librariesExperience/knowledge in Cloud Computing (Amazon/Azure), Mobile programming will be added advantage
Department:Unitil CorporationLocation:Hampton, NHPosition Description:Develop systems according to functional specifications while maintaining a “common sense” approach that serves to identify and provide insight into potential design gaps. Develop efficient, scalable, reusable business logic components leveraging OOP principles and common design patterns. Develop intuitive, dynamic, responsive and user friendly UIs. Design and create supporting database schema and related objects leveraging industry best-practices. Assess, debug/troubleshoot, and document production issues and develop fixes as needed for mission critical systems. Perform root-cause analysis and suggest/implement improvements to avoid recurring issues. Serve as an on-call person to resolve outages and system crashes on a 24/7/365 basis.Qualifications:The successful candidate will have a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field and 3-6 years of experience in a software development environment. Must have strong understanding of object-oriented programming and computer science fundamentals and be self-motivated, independent, detail-oriented and a responsible team-player. Must have experience in full stack web development in the .NET Framework (preferably 3.5+) , ASP.Net, C#, SQL Server, jQuery and CSS. Must be familiar with ASP.Net MVC, WCF, Linq. HTML 5, and ORM technologies. SharePoint, mobile device development, and utility industry experience preferred.
Senior System Software Engineer - Thrust NVIDIA’s invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Today, we are increasingly known as “the AI computing company.” We're looking to grow our company, and form teams with the smartest people in the world. Join us at the forefront of technological advancement.  Are you a great system software engineer with a deep understanding of device driver who has phenomenal C/C++ skills? If so, this role might be for you. We are looking for a software engineer to work on the CUDA driver, a core component of our platform for accelerating general purpose computation on the GPU. You will be an integral part of a team that delivers features and improvements to better realize the potential of NVIDIA hardware for a growing range of computational workloads, ranging from deep learning, scientific computation, and self-driving cars to video games and virtual reality.  Within the CUDA Driver team, we need experienced C++ developers to work on and enhance Thrust, a parallel algorithms library. What you'll be doing: As a member of our team, you will use your design abilities, coding expertise, and creativity to deliver the best compute platform in the world. You will work closely with the open source community and other peer organizations within NVIDIA to enable programmers to rapidly develop high performance applications. You will have a chance to evangelize, architect, and build new features to ThrustCoordinate and drive development efforts across multiple teamsWrite effective, maintainable, and well-tested codeWhat we need to see:We would like you to have a Bachelor of Science or Master of Science degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering​ or related fieldYou have strong C++ programming skillsWe'd like to see experience with C++ Templates and CUDA parallel programmingYou should have a minimum of 4 years of related development experienceExperience working with large codebasesExperience writing and debugging multithreaded programsGood communication skillsWays to stand out from the crowd:You will have experience with CUB, Thrust and ModernGPU librariesYou'll be experienced with STLYou'd have strong history with development of C++ template librariesFamiliarity with C++ standards NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you passionate about what you do, creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Company Description Wi-Tronix provides products and services to wirelessly monitor high-value mobile assets such as locomotives, industrial equipment, and marine vessels. Mobile assets of this class are typically the workhorses of an enterprise. In the past, mobile meant disconnected. Being disconnected causes great inefficiencies in an enterprise that counts on mobile assets for its core business operations. Advanced commercially available wireless technologies now enable all types of assets to be connected throughout most of the world. Wi-Tronixs mission is to integrate these technologies to enable businesses to improve the operational efficiency, service reliability and safety of high-value mobile assets.  Our products are designed to solve your most difficult challenges with minimal disruption to your operations. Some suppliers only have pieces of the overall puzzle. Wi-Tronix assures that you have an end-to-end solution.Job Description Wi-Tronix is looking for a Senior Developer to continually conceptualize, design, implement, deploy and improve Wi-Tronix's innovative technological solutions that sustain and enhance the operations, safety, and efficiency of the world's transportation systems. This is a technical lead position.  The core functions are as follows:  1. DEVELOPMENT (70%) Software Requirements: Understand, user stories details to acquire clear understanding of customer use cases. Define/Understand graphical user interface requirements using wireframe diagrams.Software Architecture and Design: Covert user stories into a software design for implementation as well as architect future developments consistent with existing PD solutions. Complete design reviews as per product development review process.Software development: Develop high quality software solutions consistent with existing PD solutions. Ensure the code retains product performance, logical stability, reliability, confidentiality, maintainability and integrity. Ensure the coding standards are followed and reviews are completed as per code review process.Software validation and deployment: Validate new product solutions compliance to PD standards through a combination of unit, integration, field and new functionality testing. Ensure all new features meet function requirements and the data is verified for accuracy. Develop/Create unit and new functionality test case documents.Automation: Innovate/Propose test automation opportunity to increase teams efficiency. Develop/Define end to end automated test cases using automation tools as per quality standards. Enhance/Develop internal automation tools as necessary to support end to end fully automated regression goal. 2. TECHNICAL SERVICE (20%) SEV Defects Provide feedback to open appropriate severity level defect and resolve defects on time and accurately.EOS, Rocks & Innovation Week . Propose and implement innovative ideas to enhance product features and teams effectiveness.Customer Support - Interact and collaborate with customer service, project engineering, and the rest of the product development team to deliver superior service to Wi-Tronix customer support and end customers.Mentoring and Coaching - Provide technical mentoring and coaching to junior team members as needed.On Call Support/Respond to automate and system generated alerts with in required time frame as defined by PD on call responsibilities sheet. Complete root cause analysis for on call support requests requested by customer support. Complete on call meeting action item. The On Call responsibilities are only valid for team members participating in rotation until the technical support team is fully functional. 3. ADMINISTRATION/TRAININGS (10%) Hiring and Onboarding - Participating in interviewing and evaluation process. Mentor and coach new hires in effectively integrating into the organization and completing the 90-day coaching for success milestones on time.Career and Professional Development - Collaboratively with manager, develop knowledge path, development and career path options by end of 6th month of employment. Ensure growing professional competencies by logging a minimum 5 training hours per quarter.Admin Functions Support/Complete administrative functions such as status reporting, attending standups, company meetings. QualificationsThese qualifications are required B.S. Electrical or Computer Engineering, or related field.Software engineering experience in telecommunication, military, transportation or similar industry (10+ years).Deep Knowledge of various software technologies used in software development (C++, MFC , ASP .net, MVC, C++, C#, SQL, Jquery, Web Services).Technical leadership or team lead experience. Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
 By Light creates some of the world’s most cutting-edge software products, and we want you to be a part of our team. We are currently in search of an experienced Software Developer to work on our Sustainment team to maintain a suite of Access Service applications, including solutions for single sign on, electronic signature, user provisioning, access control, and reporting. The successful candidate will also help to develop enhancements to these products for our clients, and offer excellent technical support. This is a fantastic opportunity to engage in a positive and creative work environment that offers excellent benefits and flexible schedules.  By Light is an IT products and services firm specializing in software development, satellite/terrestrial communications, cyber security, and network engineering/design. Headquartered in Arlington, VA, we provide support worldwide to DOD, Federal Civilian, and Health IT customers. Maintain and improve the performance of existing productsAnalyze and develop solutions to reported software defects and other problem ticketsClearly and regularly communicate with management and technical support colleaguesDesign and update software databaseTest and maintain software products to ensure strong functionality and optimizationRecommend improvements to existing software programs as necessaryDevelop and implement enhancements to programsBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science required8+ years’ experience in web and software developmentAbility to work independently and multi-task effectivelyDemonstrated understanding of projects from the perspective of both client and businessFlexible and willing to accept a change in priorities as necessaryStrong attention to detailVA Software Development ExperienceJ2EE application experienceExperience using Bootstrap Framework, Spring Framework, and JSPExperience with Oracle databasesExperience with WebLogic, CA Directory, and CA SiteMinderMasters Degree in CS, IS or comparable field An Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
Backend Java Engineer Engineering Team | Santa Clara, CA Engineering Team: As a Back-End Java Developer, you will join an elite team of engineers building the best possible experiences for students as they learn how to solve math problems. Product: Chegg Math is an adaptive educational product, that helps students learn and understand Math. Chegg Math will provide students self-guided, step-by-step and adaptive math solutions. From High School to College, Chegg Math will support a diverse set of learners at each point in their educational journey. Chegg Math will integrate with our other digital services including Chegg Study and Chegg Tutors. Requirements:Candidate should have minimum 3+ years of experience in Java development and strong object-oriented design experience.Experience in developing REST APIs using Spring boot framework. Ability to write clean & maintainable code with Unit tests.Experience writing unit tests using Junit/TestNG with Mockito.Fluent in writing complex SQL queries.Knowledge of micro-services architecture, Caching, distributed applications.Nice to Have:DockerAWSBonus Points:graphQLSwagger About Chegg: As the leading student-first connected learning platform, Chegg's Student Hub makes higher education more affordable and more accessible, all while improving student outcomes. Chegg is a publicly-held company based in Santa Clara, CA with offices in San Francisco, New York, Portland, India, Israel, Berlin, and Ukraine. Chegg Student Hub Services Include: Chegg Study, Tutoring, Writing Tools, Math Help, Test Prep, Careers Search, Internship Admissions, and College Admissions. Life at Chegg:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYHnkwiD7OoChegg Benefits:http://www.chegg.com/jobs/benefitsChegg for Good:http://blog.chegg.com/category/chegg-for-good/Glassdoor Best Places to Work 2015:http://bit.ly/GDBPTW For more information, visit www.chegg.comChegg is an equal opportunity employer#LI-AH
Founded in 1992, MTEQ is a woman-owned business that provides superior Technical Services and Rapid Prototyping support to Government and commercial customers. We have more than 25 years of specialized experience in system development, electronics fabrication, and full-scale tactical prototyping, and systems integration for a variety of defense and commercial applications. MTEQ maintains a high performance culture that emphasizes quality, productivity, process improvement, goal attainment, and the recruitment and development of a superior workforce.MTEQ, an engineering and manufacturing services government contractor, seeks a highly motivated Software Developer to provide support in our Lorton, Virginia office. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS AND ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES: MTEQ is seeking a highly motivated individual who has skills in a myriad of software development disciplines to serve as a key member of our software development team. Primary responsibilities will be the design, development, and testing of applications on both Linux and Windows platforms. A successful candidate will be responsible for developing control software and Graphical User Interfaces (GUIs) for sensor based systems. Software developed will be hosted on both general purpose and embedded computing platforms. Candidates must be able to communicate effectively with clients and be attentive to customer satisfaction and will be required to work closely with hardware and systems engineers in a small-team environment. REQUIREMENTS:BS or MS degree Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or applicable engineering or science fieldRecent development experience with ASP.NET and C# using Visual Studio, including:Experience with relational data models and SQLAgile project and development experience utilizing Team Foundation ServerExperience in packaging and delivering software and documentation to a production environment.Recent ASP.Net Web Forms development using Visual StudioSignificant recent C# development experienceSignificant recent Java Script development experienceSignificant development experience with Cascading System Sheets (CSS), SOAP, and RESTThree-Five (3-5) years’ experience developing software in C# for actual programs/projectsStrong troubleshooting and debugging skillsExcellent written and verbal communications skillsCreate, refine and adhere to formal software development processesDevelop software documentation, including user manuals and release notesMust be able to obtain and maintain a secret security clearance, therefore, U.S. Citizenship is requiredDESIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:Experience/expertise employing complex data types (e.g., queues, stacks, maps, dictionaries, lists, vectors, iterators, sets)Experience/expertise employing industry accepted programming constructs/practices (e.g., MVC [Model/View/Controller], thread pools, abstract class implementations, unit testing, concurrency)Experience/expertise with various IDEs (e.g., Visual Studio, Eclipse, Emacs), code repository software (e.g., Subversion, git), software project management and collaboration solutions (e.g., Redmine, Trac, & JIRA), and bug reporting/tracking tools (e.g., Bugzilla, Tuleap, TFS) and automated testing frameworks (e.g., BuildBot & Jenkins) Experience in working in an Agile/SCRUM environmentExperience/expertise designing and developing GUIsCross platform (Linux, Windows) software development experienceSECURITY CLEARANCE: Ability to obtain Security clearance preferred. Active Security Clearance a plus PRIMARY LOCATION: Lorton, VA SCHEDULE: Full time  MTEQ is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer  Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled ACCESSIBILITY/ACCOMMODATION: If because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process please send an e-mail to hr@mteq.com or call (540) 658-2720 Opt 2 and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information
Job Description**Active TS/SCI with Polygraph Required*** Red Arch Solutions is a proven and effective small business integrator and consultant, recognized as a leading provider of IT development to the Federal Government, and primarily focused within the Intelligence Community.  We are an official Amazon Web Services (AWS) Partner, and are pleased to now offer Cloud Solutions Architecture and Engineering using AWS. We promote the advancement of our staff in achieving AWS certifications.  Red Arch is seeking a Software Developer to support NGA.  The scope of this effort relates to the development and maintenance of several applications for NGA to include Disclosure and Release Tool (DART), Print-on-Demand (PoD), Intent-to-Publish (NIP), Source Content Management and Services, and Forward Based Geospatial Intelligence (GEOINT) – Geospatial Services/Computer to Plate (FBG-GS/CTP) Production System. Responsibilities/Job Function: Attend the Production Management Working Group (PMWG) weekly meetings Translate customer needs, as gathered from PMWG or coordinated source production meetings, into technical requirements for review by the Government Collaborate with NGA data stewards, system administrators, and database engineers to identify and assist in the resolution of issues impacting the discovery and delivery of NGA products Generate specialized reports that can be imported/exported to/from relational database tables (or similar relational database) Ensure all required software, hardware, and DTO certification (training) are compliant with Intelligence Community Standard 500 to perform GEOINT product retrieval, review, and dissemination functions Perform market research for industry trends, new developments, and solutions applicable to NGA dissemination and NGA Storage architecture Provide weekly status to management detailing activities and accomplishments.Minimum Qualifications Mandatory Security Clearance Requirement: TS/SCI with CI Poly Demonstrated experience in application design, development, and maintenance using a variety of graphics software applications, techniques, and tools Demonstrated experience in designing and developing user interface features, site animation, and special-effects elements Demonstrated experience advising and assisting a design group’s efforts to enhance the look and feel of the organization’s online offerings Demonstrated experience using style guides (organization-wide) Demonstrated understanding of Controlled Access Program Coordination Office (CAPCO) Markings and Implementation Demonstrated experience establishing system Authorization and Accreditation (A&A) in a classified environment Demonstrated understanding of multi-tiered systems, logical and physical data modeling concepts, and communication between components Demonstrated experience using Unix/Linux operating systems, Linux shell scripting, SQL, Storage Area Networks and Network Attached Storage, System and Storage architecture best practices Demonstrated experience tracking and providing metrics on data holdings and quality issues Demonstrated experience with multiple software languages including C#, Java, JavaScript, and Visual Basic Demonstrated experience with ESRI ArcGIS, OpenGeo Server, Oracle Spatial, PostgreSQL, and PostGIS A Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited institute in an area applicable to this position (e.g. information systems, computer science, math, or engineering) and five (5) years of relevant technical experienceAn additional four (4) years of relevant technical experience may be substituted for the Bachelor’s DegreeMust presently be 8570 compliant (IAT Level 2 preferred); must be 8570 compliant (IAT Level 2) by date of security indoctrination with any necessary continuing education (CE) for certificationDesired QualificationsExperience transitioning and maintaining applications in the AWS C2S cloudRed Arch Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital status, disability, or protected veteran status. Red Arch Solutions takes affirmative action in support of its policy to advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.
 We take great strides to ensure our employees have the resources to live well, be healthy, continue learning, develop skills, grow professionally and serve our local communities. We invite you to apply for a career with Blue Cross. You should know that:Jobs are updated and posted daily.You must submit your resume online.Apply for each position for which you are qualified and interested in.You will only be considered for positions for which you apply.Resumes are only accepted for posted positions.Positions are full-time unless otherwise stated.Due to the high volume of applicants, only those most qualified will be contacted.We are unable to accept phone calls.POSITION PURPOSE: Under general supervision, evaluates the internal technical needs of an organization and recommends solutions. Documents system and functional requirements. Develops websites and Internet applications. Use web development technologies such as C#, VB.Net, ASP.Net, MVC, Responsive design, UI control tools, SQL DB, API, Security Protocols/Technology, UI Scripting and other Portal technology. Perform various coding and programming tasks, such as design or development of Web front-end, back-end Web-based applications, and Web/Internet services, which may involve coding and integration of text, graphics, sound, and/or video. Creates detailed test cases and supports testing team in execution of test cases. Documents all programming and systems changes. Provides technical support and troubleshooting assistance on software application related issues. Maintain configuration management. NATURE AND SCOPE:Position Location: This position reports to a Manager, IT. May be directed or mentored by more experienced Web Developers. ACTIVITIES OF DIRECT REPORTS This position has no direct reports. NECESSARY CONTACTS: To do this job effectively the incumbent has to be in contact with all levels of BCBSLA personnel. QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent degree required. Four years of additional relevant experience can be used in lieu of degree.  Must have a minimum of three years of Web development experience using C#, VB.Net, ASP.Net, MVC, Responsive design, UI control tools, SQL DB, API, Security Protocols/Technology, UI Scripting and other Portal technology..  Excellent communication, analytical, and development skills required.  Ability to think strategically, balance long and short-term priorities required.  Must have ability to establish and maintain a high level of trust and confidence with clients; establish strong working relationships with business and technology partners at all levels; exercise sound judgment; collaborate effectively with peers, subordinates and superiors.  Must understand the software development lifecycle (SDLC).  Must understand business operations and key business drivers (or aptitude to develop understanding quickly). One of the following certifications preferred:Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer – SharePoint (MCSD-SP)Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer - Web Applications (MCSD-W) The candidate must be flexible in terms of working practices as the role requires on call rotation which might include some evening, weekend and holiday work. ACCOUNTABILITIES & ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Participate in Web design meetings and analyze user needs to determine technical requirements.  Develop and maintain websites or Internet applications involving a wide variety of programming and languages.  Create or integrate graphics, logos, text, video, or audio content for a website.  Follow a design process that includes adhering to compliance, standards, and established guidelines for development and delivery of the web site end product.  Modify, repair, or expand existing programs to correct errors, increase efficiency, upgrade interfaces, or improve performance.  Perform testing and analysis on Web applications and systems to identify problems.  Contribute to training manuals or instructions for end users.  Evaluate the effectiveness of implemented Web applications and systems.  Research and remain informed of new technology and development tools.  Provide support to the testing team on an as needed basis.  Provides technical support and troubleshooting assistance on software application related issues.  Maintain configuration management.  The candidate must be flexible in terms of working practices as the role requires on call rotation which might include some evening, weekend and holiday work.  The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the accountabilities (essential functions) of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable an individual with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Job duties are performed in a normal and clean office environment with normal noise levels.Work is predominately done while sitting or standing.The ability to comprehend and document, are very important, as is the ability to calculate, visualize, and analyze, all are required.An Equal Opportunity EmployerAll BCBSLA EMPLOYEES please apply through Workday Careers.PLEASE USE A WEB BROWSER OTHER THAN INTERNET EXPLORER IF YOU ENCOUNTER ISSUES (CHROME, FIREFOX, SAFARI)
 Frontline Education is a leading provider of SaaS EdTech solutions for educators and administrators across the United States. Frontline Education serves more that 12,000 educational organizations nationwide. Our Human Capital Management solutions are used in all 50 states and have the largest data set in K12 Human Capital Management. We partner with school districts whose professionals and staff use our premier software solutions daily. In 2015, we were recognized by INC. Magazine as one of the fastest growing private organizations in North America  Frontline Education is seeking a Software Developer - Java to design, build, test, deploy and support elegant, scalable and reliable software solutions for our customers. This is a fast-paced and exciting role that provides opportunities to work on a wide array of projects.  The Software Developer - Java is responsible for: Collaborating within and across cross-functional, agile teams to deliver software that achieves business objectives using a continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD) model.Contributing to and evangelizing Frontline Education engineering standards and practices.Mentoring more junior developers and peers. Qualifications, Key Skills and Competencies Bachelor’s Degree in Relevant Field and/or 5+ years’ experienceDemonstrable experience in building scalable Java-based web applications and architecturePassionate about code quality and testing at multiple levelsDemonstrable experience with automated build and deployment tools and techniquesDemonstrable experience using Tomcat, Spring, MySQL, and BIRT or other reporting librariesExperience with microservice architectures, NoSQL database technologies, and rules engines preferredExperience in JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 or Angular is a plus but not requiredWorking experience with Agile methodologyExperience with Git in a continuous integration environment is preferredExcellent oral and written communication skills Personal Attributes A ‘One Team’ mindset in which success is only achieved through the success of othersA Systems Thinking approach that ensures solutions solve the problem at hand within the construct of a larger platformAn entrepreneurial spirit: willing to try new ideas, learn fast, and continuously improveA consultative approach to evangelizing concepts and teaching others to fish
 Analyze user needs and develop software solutions. Develop and create general computer applications software or specialized utility programs. Design software or customize software for client use. Modify general computer applications software or specialized utility programs. Optimizing operational efficiency.
Invata Intralogistics is seeking a highly motivated software developer to help us develop application software and re-useable library modules in Microsoft Visual Studio (C#) and SQL Server for use in equipment automation and inventory management projects for the distribution logistics marketplace.The Software Developer position will be located in our Conshohocken office in the Greater Philadelphia Area.Invata automated storage and retrieval shuttles managing inventory flow to and from high density storage in omni-channel distribution operation.Software Developer candidates should possess the following skills:Strong capability in Visual Studio .NET environment (C#) as a software developer.Strong capability in T-SQL (advanced SQL stored procedures, structures, and methods).Strong capability in WPF (Windows Presentation Foundation).Superior written and inter-personal communication capabilities.Consistency in approach and application of coding skills as a software developer that will reliably produce work that maintains company standards, shows deference to project functional specifications, enables supportability by others, and provides compatibility with company’s overall body of work.Propensity for working with and mentoring others.Proven aptitude for performing under pressure in fast-paced environment.Inherent curiosity and ability to learn from existing library of work.Software Developer candidates should have experience in the following areas:Experience as a software developer for ‘out-of-the-box’ applications (i.e., primarily functional applications for specialized equipment and devices). Our applications run concurrently in the standard computing environment (‘in-box’) as well as specialized equipment and hardware environments.Exposure to software development for manufacturing or distribution environments.Experience as a software developer for Warehouse Management System (WMS), Warehouse Control System (WCS), and/or Warehouse Execution System (WES) Software.Equipment automation experience.Software development with an engineering focus as contrasted to financial or enterprise resource focus.About Invata:Invata Intralogistics is an innovative engineering / software development firm specializing in the design, implementation, and integration of technologically advanced warehouse automation systems for use in omni-channel distribution centers, e-commerce fulfillment centers, reverse logistics processing centers, third-party logistics centers, and a wide array of warehousing/distribution operations.Our systems utilize advanced material handling technology along with sophisticated database and warehouse software and control systems to ensure constant analysis and optimization of an operation such that leaps in productivity can be achieved and consistently maintained. In doing so, Invata systems often enable our clients to turn cost centers into competitive advantages.A culture of inquiry:As a nimble, hard-working team, Invata employees share a relentless conviction to the elegance of simplicity, the efficiency of purpose, and the satisfaction derived from finding the best solution to any logistics challenge we face. As a result, inquiry and constant learning are our drivers and comprehension and task ownership comprise the due diligence required for success.If you are a software developer who thrives in a fast-paced environment in which your best efforts have real impact on company success, then we look forward to hearing from you. .
Software DeveloperLocationChantilly, VAJob TypeFull-timeArdent Eagle Solutions has an exciting opportunity for a Software Developer supporting a mission critical Intelligence Community Program in Chantilly, VA.Required Qualifications:Active TS/SCI with PolygraphExperience with Python & Perl scripting languages.Experience working on Linux workstations.Ability to review various formats of raw data and determine how to parse out usable data for target application.Strong administrative and organizational skills.Ability to speak and write professionallyDesired Qualifications:Previous experience working at a Customer site.Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.JavaCloud ExperienceArdent Eagle Solutions is an emerging Small Business located in Tampa, Florida that provides support services to the Department of Defense and Intelligence Community across a broad spectrum of functional areas
 Bolt-on Technology is seeking a Software Developer who will be responsible for creating/maintaining software applications, as well as modifications and customization of our current applications and processes to support our growing customer base.  This position will focus on, but is not limited to engineering, designing, maintaining and documenting new and current software solutions, testing and debugging software applications, developing installation programs and upgrade instructions with written tutorials or training of internal/external team, and more. The ideal candidate must be results-motivated, have a great attitude and be eager to become a vital team member.  We are a cutting-edge/aggressive technology company experiencing major growth and need someone we can depend on. Our presence in the market has grown substantially, resulting in rapid growth and the need for additional staff. Our team makes time to laugh and have fun while working hard to grow the company. This open work environment is ideal for laid-back individuals who can relax and have a good time, while remaining focused on the job at hand.  If a playful working environment and vast career experience is what you’re looking for, check us out. Essential Responsibilities:Assisting in the design of new products and applications.Coding, testing, debugging, implementing, and documenting complex applications.Writing specifications for complex applications.Assist the technical support team in resolving issues encountered with our software.Creating appropriate documentation in work assignments such as program code, and technical documentation.Assisting management in preparing time estimates for development projects.Remain abreast of industry technical trends and new development to maintain current skills and remain current with industry standards. Essential Requirements 1 or more years of experience in .NET Development.A curious mind. Technology moves fast and you must be willing to stay cutting edge.A willingness to take on new tasks as required.At least 1 year of recent software development experienceCollege degree in computer sciences or related field of study preferred.Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work in a team environment.Excellent written and oral communication skills.Experience in VB.NET and ASP.NET.Experience with Microsoft Azure and other cloud services is a definite plus.Experience working with relational databases, especially SQL server.Personal Traits: Self-motivation, detail-oriented, multi-tasking, and able to work independently and in a team environmentProven time management skills.Strong problem solving and analytical/reasoning skills. Compensation and Benefits  Salary and Wage: Salary commensurate with experience Insurance: Health, Medical, Dental, Vision Retirement plan information: 401(k) Paid time off: Paid vacation, personal days, and holidays
 Jobs  Toggle navigation Sign InSign UpHelp Career Portal Failure Message Cannot parse, seems some issue with the profile, please create the profile manually  Alert Message  Job Post has been updated successfully Position Title - Software Developer Job Share  Recipient Email  ShareCancel *Apply Without RegistrationApply Software Developer  Rockville, Maryland - United States  Posted Date - 01/30/18  Primary Skills  Java,Cloudera  Overview  There are is a position available for a Software Developer (position in Rockville, MD)  The position duties and requirements are as follows: THE DUTIES INCLUDE: Code and assist in the design of software components, units and modules for clients/customers. Prepare comprehensive test plans. Conduct tests, identify and debug problems. Develop MapReduce jobs and UDFs using Java and Pig. Write scripts using Hive Scripts in Linux. Perform advanced analytics using machine learning and statistics to analyze data, build models. Write product and user documentation. Identify and solve problems. APPLICANT MUST HAVEMaster's degree in Computer Science/Engineering related;3 months experience.Position requires expertise in Cloudera, Big Data and Haddoop, MapReduce, Pig, HiveQL, R, JAVA, SQL queries and UNIX Shell Scripting.Travel/Relocation to client sites;Hours: M-F 40 hrs/wk. 9.00 a.m. to 6.00 p.m.;Salary: $78,000 per year. Send resumes to *************************** Job CodeKMM--696Experience 6 Years Required Documents Resume Contact Person Details Rajesh Pamisetty M-N : ************************************* Please wait...  Please fill the details  EmailFirst NameMiddle NameLast NameContact NoCurrent LocationWork Authorization  SelectH1-BL1-BL1-AL2-EADB1CitizenGCGC-EADOPT-EADTN VisaJob TitleResumeThis field is required.Cover LetterOther Attachment  Cancel  Powered By  Alert  Ok  Withdraw  Select Reason  SelectComment  Test Confirmation  Share Resume Enter Recipent Email: Change Password  Current Password  New Password  Minimum 5 characters  First letter should be : (A-Z) .  At least 1 capital letter.  At least 1 small letter.  At least 1 number.  At least 1 special character (@, $, !, _).  Confirm Password  Job Agent Job Agent Name :E-mail frequency : SelectDailyWeekly Time Period : Select1 Month3 Months6 Months1 Year  Job Agent  show flash message
 Software Developer - NYC SS&C GlobeOp, Inc. is a leading fund administrator providing the world’s most comprehensive array of financial technology products and services under a public, independent, single platform. SS&C GlobeOp’s expertise in business process outsourcing supports complete lifecycle capabilities, available on a stand-alone basis to hedge funds, fund of funds, private equity funds, family wealth offices, and managed accounts. SS&C brings together experts in investments, providing superior client service from its headquarters in Windsor, CT and subsidiaries in Canada, United States, Australia and Europe. Visit us at www.sscglobeop.com or www.ssctech.com. Position Overview These positions’ purpose is to work on development of new investment services applications. Our applications are written in ASP.NET MVC in front end and C# in the backend using with SQL Server as database.  As a Software Developer, your role is to participate in the design and development of our new investment services initiatives. This is a role with significant growth potentials within a fast paced business environment. The candidate should be willing to learn new technologies such as AI, Blockchain, Voice Recognition and Big Data. Required Skills:2+ years of working experience in ASP.NET and C# programming.Deep understanding of .NET Framework 4.0 or above.Fundamental knowledge of .NET platform tools, utilities, and MS Visual Studio.Good knowledge of authentication and authorization with security sensitivity in mind when coding applications.Extensive knowledge on XML including XML Schema, XSLT, XPath, and XQuery.Knowledge of Telerik/Kendo UI or other AJAX development library, and or HTML 5.Excellent experience with SQL coding, performance tuning on stored procedures/functions, indexing.Knowledge of Windows and windows API.Working knowledge of Web Services and Service Oriented Architecture.Excellent written and verbal communication skills and good client interfacing skills.Quick learner for emerging technologies such as AI, Blockchain, Voice Recognition and Big Data.Desired Skills:Dynamic SQL.Developing a workflow application experience.MVC 3 & Entity FrameworkTelerik, jQuery UI, HTML 5 and/or Kendo UIProven analytical and problem-solving abilities.Knowledge of software and hardware logical and physical deployment options and related security and performance concerns and solutions.OO design patterns a plus.Good documentation skills are a must.Experience in a software development environment with high quality assurance standards is required.Ability to work under minimal supervision.Experience developing Amazon Alexa voice skills and using the voice APIsDeploying applications to AWSBlockchain and its application to investment management applicationsArtificial intelligence and its application to investment management applicationsSS&C HAS AN EXCELLENT BENEFITS PROGRAM INCLUDING A MEDICAL AND DENTAL PLAN, TUITION REIMBURSEMENT PLAN, AND 401K PLAN. SS&C offers a highly competitive compensation, performance based bonus, and a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, dental, 401(k), tuition reimbursement program, and much more.  SS&C Technologies is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and as such does not discriminate against any applicant for employment or employee on the basis of race, color, religious creed, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other classification protected by applicable discrimination laws.
Revature is a rapidly growing technology company that is focused on providing its Fortune 500 clients with the best software engineers in the country. Revature Software Engineers work with some of the top companies in the country, on projects that make a difference.  We are looking for several passionate and ambitious Software Engineers to design, develop and install software solutions. The successful candidate will be able to build and support enterprise level applications in compliance with coding standards and technical design. Responsibilities: Design and implementation of scalable software solutions Execute full lifecycle software development Write well designed, testable code Collaborating with end-users to find innovative solutions to problemsComply with project plans and industry standards Design and modification of company's digital products Present ideas for system improvements. Solve complex business problems with next gen technologiesRequired Skills:BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field 0-3 years experienceWorking knowledge of Object Oriented ProgrammingThe passion and drive to expand your coding skillsOutstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teamsExposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSSSolid foundational knowledge of SQLFamiliarity with software development methodology and release processes Excellent problem solver Ability to relocate anywhere within the USMust be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basisRevature is not currently sponsoring work visas or transfers at this time. Green Card or US Citizenship required.Benefits:Competitive SalaryRelocation AssistanceHealth, Vision & Dental InsurancePaid Time OffIndustry CertificationsEnterprise Level Application Development TrainingLife Insurance Policy401KSuitable candidates are encouraged to apply immediately#Ind123Quick Apply
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. Qualifications Minimum qualifications:BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.4 years of relevant work experience in software development, including experience in Java and/or C++.Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development.Preferred qualifications:Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java or C++.Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
 Website design, coding and modifications for online ads based on the Web and Mobile platforms, using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and API's. Design, frontend development and support of different web and mobile ad formats. 

 **Job Overview****Overview & Responsibilities**Rackspace is seeking an experienced Software Developer who is passionate about OpenStack and automation. As part of our team, you will have the opportunity to drive efficiency, stability, and supportability of the largest OpenStack Public Cloud. You will be working closely with our engineering and operations team in order to develop scalable, automated solutions with a focus on effectively managing our entire Rackspace Public Cloud portfolio.Because Rackspace has distributed teams, we're remote-friendly -- we collaborate with Slack, Screenhero, and Zoom for video conferences. We are open to various Rackspace locations, including the option to work from home. Rackspace office locations include San Antonio or Austin, TX, Blacksburg, VA and London, UK.Responsibilities:+ Write clean, maintainable code using engineering best practices+ Collaborate with other software developers and operation engineers to solve technical challenges+ Continuously broaden and deepen your skill set with new technologies+ Prepare technical project documentation (API, operations, and deployment guides)**Qualifications**+ Bachelors degree in a technology related field, or equivalent experience+ Ability to read and write intermediate to advanced Python+ Experience with setting up CI/CD pipelines+ OpenStack familiarity and fundamentals+ 3-5 years experience Python, RabbitMQ, Flask, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, SQLAlchemy, Elasticsearch, Python UnitTest Framework, Jenkins\#LI-LM2**Req #** _34685_**Location(s)** _US-TX-San Antonio__US-TX-San Antonio__US-TX-Austin__US-TX-Remote__UK-Greater London-Hayes_**Category** _Software Development_
Job SummaryWe deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance.Liberty Mutual s (LM) acquisition of Ironshore Inc. in May 2017 resulted in a new set of applications that need to be integrated into the overall LM/GS IT eco-system. The GS Ironshore IT integration team will provide the IT leadership to program-plan and execute the move to a single consolidated stack of GS IT solution across US and Non-US Ironshore businesses. Working closely with the Ironshore business and operation teams, required business capabilities and processes are currently being defined to create a multi-year IT integration plan that also will become the blueprint for future Global Specialty acquisitions. The Ironshore IT integration team will focus on end-to-end IT solutions across all functional areas, the respective data migration aspects as well as the change management PMO activities. As a Sr. Software Developer (Test), you will be engaged in the testing execution for end to end solutions in support of the application transformation to a single stack. You will be responsible for executing various tasks and activities in the e2e testing function necessary to deliver quality onboarding of Ironshore business on the GS/LM eco-system.Job ResponsibilitiesParticipate in planning, analysis, test design/test development, test execution and debugging needed to achieve successful implementation of an end to end integrated solution across domains. Work in a CI/CD Environment using a variety of performance tools such as JUnit, Scala, SOAP UI and LoadRunner to develop automated unit, component, system integration, smoke and performance testsManipulate and extract information from logs using Splunk to generate reports on the health of the systems and also to identify issues with code.Participate in Paired Programming, Extreme Programming / XP and code review.Collaborate effectively with individual domain agile teams to align and partner on test cases, tools and metrics while executing testing for multiple business scenarios. Partner with developers to improve and automate development, test and release processesPerforms related duties as assigned or requested scope; models solutions across projects according to architecture, technology and standards.Supports development team throughout project lifecycle, including during test phase; researches test issues and data content, and assists with problem resolution.Investigates and makes final recommendations on new tools and techniques; collaborates on hardware/software evaluations.QualificationsBachelors or Master's degree in a technical or business discipline or equivalent expertise. Generally a minimum of 5 years related experience.Experience in designing and building test automation tools and systemsExpert knowledge of QA methodologies in the context of an Agile software lifecycle. Highly proficient in testing strategies, tools, techniques and methodologies with ability to provide reliable, consistent results from execution; including automated testing and modeling tools.Experience with LoadRunner, Git Environment, Maven, Eclipse, Gatlin and JMeter is desiredWe take care of our employeesWe strongly believe that a great job should keep you happy both at workand in life. Thats why we offer:Workplace Flexibility Wellness PerksCollaborative workspacesSit/stand desks Career development, programs and classesDiversity & Inclusion programs Commuter BenefitsAdoption AssistanceCollege Savings PlanEducation reimbursement Hackathon EventsLiberty Mutual was named as a 2016 Great Place to Work by Great Place to Work US. For more info about our benefits - https://www.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/working-here/benefits Learn more about Tech at Liberty Mutual - http://www.jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/technology-jobsCheck out our Tech at Liberty Mutual YouTube playlist - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxUNmyJ_IIGx9yoUJfQ8k5APAK3-KAa6j Job:  Technology Primary Location: United States-New Hampshire-PortsmouthSchedule: Full-timeSalary: $92,000-$118,000Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years)
 Superior Group is seeking a Sofware Development Manager. Job Description: The Development Manager is responsible for ensuring timely releases through management of and advocation for the Development Department. This position is responsible for providing superior leadership for the department and focuses on performance management and department improvements for 50+ employees. Essential Functions: -Oversees product development, removes impediments from teams to ensure projects are completed in a timely fashion -Medium of communication between Development and other departments -Ensures proper expectations are set with developers, managers, and for executives -Collaborate with Community and Documentation teams to ensure timely and effective communication with customers, partners, and users -Monitor and provide reports to executive team on projects and team health -Manage and lead software developers. Evaluates performance, sets goals and guides career growth -Responsibility for department's overall performance and development -Adheres to coding and development standards and practices provided by the company -Adheres to the policies and procedures of the company -Exemplifies the Core Values of Respect, Collaboration, Integrity, and Follow-Through Leadership and Management Responsibilities -Performance management including coaching, counseling, mentoring, tracking of performance and providing effective performance evaluations -Assists direct reports in developing new skills and enhancing current skill sets -Proactively seeks to improve department under supervision, including providing employees specific goals and objectives, and provides guidance on how to achieve them -Responsible for developing department budgets, forecasting financial needs, staying within budget parameters as set by CEO and meeting company financial objectives -Timely follow-through on communication internally and externally including email, tickets, and one on one meetings -Displays ongoing empathy and appreciation to employees and earns the confidence of the department by understanding the needs of the employee and department, while providing a safe place for employees to express themselves -Maintains the ability to autonomously handle employee issues while regularly collaborating with ESD and other executives/managers To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. -Oral Communication - able to communicate orally in a professional and effective manner with a wide range of people -Written Communication - able to communicate effectively in all written work -Team Work skills - able to collaborate effectively as part of a team -Time Management: Able to manage work time in such a manner that ensures the accomplishment of specific objectives; sets priorities, goals, and timetables to achieve maximum productivity all while working in a fast-paced environment -Planning/Organizational skills - use time efficiently and work through large projects with moderate supervision, small projects should be accomplished in a self-motivated manner -Adaptability - able to adapt to changes in the work environment, manage competing demands and able to deal with frequent change, delays or unexpected events -Problem solving skills - able to identify and resolve problems in a timely manner, gather and analyze information skillfully; able to apply a limited measure of independent judgement on a regular basis in making decisions -Interpersonal skills - able to interact with co-workers in a professional and effective manner -Management skills - able to supervise multiple employees, and carry out management responsibilities in accordance with the organization’s policies and applicable laws, including interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding, counseling and coaching employees to success; addresses complaints and resolves problems Technical skills - -Familiarity with multiple programming disciplines ex: -Perl -Javascript -JSON -Python -PHP -Experience with Linux system administration Travel: Local and/or overnight travel, some by interstate air, may be required Required Skills / Qualifications:Bachelor's Degree or at least 6 years of experience in software developmentMinimum of 4 years of experience in software developmentMinimum of 2 years of systems administrationMinimum of 4 years of successful management experience with a focus on teamsMinimum of 4 year of experience working with Agile/Scrums teamsPreferred Skills / Qualifications: Go Beyond. www.superiorjobs.com.EEO Employer - Minorities / Females / Disabled / Veterans / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity.
 Overview  We are looking for a PHP developer to work with an experienced technical team to help create a new CRM platform and plan and executive IT initiatives.  As part of the technical team you will have the opportunity to work with leading brands including Verizon, Home Security, AT&T and others.  You will work with a team of developers on innovating new platforms and turning plans into actionable items. What We Are Looking For:3+ years as a PHP DeveloperSolid knowledge and experience in object oriented programmingProficient in javascript, html, cssProficient in My SQLDedicated team playerAbility to thrive in a fast-paced environmentRequires high proficiency in both written and verbal. Most communication involves technical/specific terminology, logical development of arguments or processes and requires clarity of expressionRequires high degree of independent judgement and problem solving of complex problemsSolid LAMP experiencePreferred:5+ years as a PHP DeveloperMarketing Technology ExperienceSuper Street Fighter 4 Ultra Arcade Edition experienceExperience in the following areas:LaraveljQueryTwitter BootstrapNodeSVN, GITAbout CLEARLINK: CLEARLINK’s team of 1,300+ employees is headquartered in Salt Lake City and has been creating marketing content services for Fortune 500 companies for over 13 years. At CLEARLINK you will have opportunities to work with people who are as passionate as they are talented, develop yourself and your skills, and create valuable content and relationships every day. We also like to reward our employees: Up to 100% healthcare for your entire familyOver two weeks paid time offPaid ski days, wellness activities, and team outingsFully-stocked break room and gourmet coffeeAward-winning wellness program with free health coachingAll-expense paid vacations for top employees
 NVIDIA's deep learning platform has already made a major impact to the field and is broadly used across leading academic institutions, start-ups, and industry, including the world’s largest Internet companies. We need passionate, hard-working and creative people to help us pursue more of these rare opportunities.  Automotive Deep Learning Solutions Architect team at NVIDIA is searching for extraordinary engineers to develop and bring NVIDIA's deep learning solution to automotive customers. We need individuals with strong programming skills, a deep understanding of deep learning (algorithms & frameworks), HPC and/or embedded computing; as well as excellent communication and planning skills. You and other engineers in this team will help advance NVIDIA's leadership in applying deep learning to tackle a real world problem in autonomous driving domain. What you'll be doing:Collaborate with multiple internal teams to understand the workflow requirements and develop deep learning software that meets automotive customer's needsYou will work on bridging the gap between the autonomous driving deep learning research and its application in the real world automotive productBuild tools that will increase the productivity of teams developing deep learning training and inference softwareYou will enable automotive customers to efficiently work on the latest NVIDIA deep learning platformsWhat we need to see:BS/MS or PhD degree in computer science, computer architecture or related technical field6+ years of work related experience in software development2+ years of experience in developing or using deep learning frameworks (e.g. TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, Torch, Theano, etc)Python and/or C/C++ programmingSolid technical foundation in CPU and GPU architectures, containers (nvidia-docker), numeric libraries, modular software designFamiliar with state-of-the-art DNN/CNN architecturesWilling to take action and have strong analytical skills.Strong time-management and organization skills for coordinating multiple initiatives, priorities and implementations of new technology and products into very complex projects.Strong written and oral communications skills with the ability to effectively collaborate with management, engineering and customers.Strong teamwork and interpersonal skills Ways to stand out from the crowd: Contributor in popular DL/ML open source project (please provide link to your github)Published paper in one of the leading DL/CV conferences in the last 5 years (e.g. NIPS, ICML, ICLR, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, etc) NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.#deeplearning
 We believe work is not a place, but rather a thing you do. Our technology revolves around this core philosophy. We are relentlessly committed to helping people work and play from anywhere, on any device. Innovation, creativity and a passion for ever-improving performance drive our company and our people forward. We empower the original mobile device: YOU! Location:RaleighRequisition:R9548 Software Development Manager, Platform (Open)Job Posting Title:Software Development Manager, PlatformJob Description: If you haven't heard, Citrix ShareFile is a fast-evolving cloud-hosted content collaboration service that enables secure digital workflows. ShareFile is used by millions of end users, spread across a diverse range of businesses and geographies. Citrix ShareFile has been recognized as a Leader by both Gartner for Content Collaboration Platforms, and by Forrester for Enterprise File Sync and Share Platforms.  Here on the ShareFile backend engineering team, we take pride on extending our core product platform, supporting services, and APIs. Just some of the things we work on: Design and write rich RESTful APIs and SDKs for expanding our developer ecosystemBuild scalable fault-tolerant microservices for document preview, editing, search, and for managing asynchronous background jobsBuild frameworks for microservices, event publishing, test automation, and continuous integration / continuous deploymentContinually monitor, debug, and improve system fault tolerance from HTTP edge endpoints to DB persistence layerIntegrate with a wide variety of cloud-hosted services from AWS, Azure, Google, and othersUse cutting-edge tools for agile development and for monitoring such as git, JIRA, splunk, ElasticSearchand lots more to help our customers get stuff done! As a Software Development Manager and a technical leader, you will use agile practices to manage a team of highly skilled software engineers. You will have flexibility to spend significant time as an individual contributor, writing code and designing applications and APIs.  This is a fun, dynamic, and fast-paced environment located at our modern office buildings in vibrant downtown Raleigh. If you like to write code, get things done, be challenged with tough high-impact problems, and love to work with smart people, this is the place to be! Minimum Qualifications7+ years of software development experience, with 2+ years in a manager or technical lead roleDemonstrable experience in building, deploying, monitoring, and debugging large-scale web applications using C#, .NET, ASP.NET, SQL Server, and IIS / kestrelRich experience in designing and consuming RESTful APIsFamiliarity with agile development patternsStrong foundational knowledge on computer science principlesStrong interpersonal and leadership skills, to drive collaboration and innovationDegree in Computer Science or a related fieldDesired QualificationsExperience with diverse development platforms and programming / scripting languagesExperience in building services using cloud-based infrastructure services (AWS, Azure, GCP)Proven experience in hiring and managing high performance development teamsAbout Citrix Citrix is a cloud company that enables secure digital workspaces and mobile workstyles. We create a continuum between work and life by allowing people to work whenever, wherever, and however they choose. Flexibility and collaboration is what were all about.  The Perks: We offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package, matched with an incredible culture, geared to help you grow and succeed with us.  *LI-MK1 Functional Area:Software DevelopmentAbout us: Citrix is a cloud company that enables mobile workstyles. We create a continuum between work and life by allowing people to work whenever, wherever, and however they choose. Flexibility and collaboration is what were all about. The Perks: We offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package. Youll enjoy our workstyle within an incredible culture. Well give you all the tools you need to succeed so you can grow and develop with us.
 Our Directors have the unique opportunity to lead powerhouse technology teams while also remaining technically proficient themselves, as they assist in building our customer web applications and software products. Our team is looking for a visionary who possesses the ability to interpret data and make difficult decisions that will shape the strategy of our technology teams.  You will work on a variety of things that include: development of our SaaS-based projects, chat platform, web analytics suite, live streaming dashboards, and more. You will lead a team that works together to explore new boundaries and test new technologies. We maintain a tight loop between development, feedback and deployment, which allows us to build world-class solutions to the business, marketing and data dilemmas of our partners. How We Work:Iterate - Red tape doesnt get in our way. We believe that "Speed Trumps Perfection" so we test and deploy daily.Autonomy Aspiring entrepreneurs succeed here because you will have full-ownership over your work from beginning to end.Collaborate Better than making the dream work, teamwork makes the code work. Through open work-space, Slack and peer reviews, our teams work together to build amazing solutions.Innovate With the belief that Everything is Written in Pencil, we encourage our teams to test new frameworks, learn new languages and challenge the status quo to make us better.Key Highlights of the Role:In the Director or Engineering role, it is up to you to evolve your teams technical depth, break large-scale problems into manageable phases and quickly deliver solutions to the business. If you like the challenge of fixing things quickly and efficiently, this is the role for you!Red Ventures values autonomy. We pride ourselves on being an environment for opportunity and growth regardless of your title, tenure or team. You will work alongside business and marketing leaders to rapidly translate business requirements into final products.As a Director of Software Engineering, you will be a hands-on player and a coach. You possess the capability to push your teams abilities in growing them individually and as a unit, while also remaining hands on yourself in developing our applications and tools.You can make non-technical decisions while continuing to evolve the technical depth of Red VenturesWhat We Are Looking For:10+ years of recent server side experience in technologies such as C#, Golang, PHP, or NodeExperience in front-end technologies such as React, Vue, Angular and PolymerExperience with OOP and software design skillsStrong ability to develop systems that meet architectural objectives including reusable, scalable codeExperience leading small teams or serving as a technical lead within an organizationAnalytical and detail oriented minds with decisive judgement skillsThe ability to prioritize, strategize, execute and deliver projects on timeSelf-motivated and creative problem-solvers who love to challenge themselvesAbout Red Ventures Red Ventures is a leading digital consumer choice platform based in Charlotte, North Carolina. Through deeply integrated brand partnerships and consumer-facing assets, Red Ventures connects online customers with products and services across high-growth industries including home services, financial services, and healthcare. Founded in 2000, Red Ventures has more than 2,700 employees in offices across the Carolinas, Seattle, Washington, and Sao Paulo, Brazil.
 Requisition Number 17-0064 Post Date 1/3/2018 Title Sr. Software Engineer City Atlanta Description The Role:  Liaison Technologies is looking to immediately fill a full-time Senior Software Engineer role in the Alpharetta, GA office. This position requires good communication skills, ability to work together in cross-functional technical teams in different areas of  the organization, strong hands-on programming abilities and strong knowledge of systems architecture and object-oriented programming concepts.  The Senior Software Engineer will be a core member of the Master Data Management (MDM) development team responsible for designing and developing new features and capabilities for the ALLOY data management platform. Responsibilities include conceptual design,  architecture and topology, solution design and implementation. Candidate is expected to participate in gathering requirements, documenting and designing MDM functionality and the related application integration and enhancements within the application. This  includes support for application testing, integration of systems, project estimation, and project go-live activities. ResponsibilitiesDevelop enhancements and bug fixes based on release schedule.Triage production issues and deliver the fixes on a scheduled time.Assist team with the support and enhancement of a multi domain MDM platform following the SDLC process defined.Participate in code reviews and all phases of system and integration testing.Day to day maintenance and support of the application.Use of JIRA tools to manage development/deployment activities.Support testing team to help executing the test plans and test cases.Determines operational feasibility through problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions.Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code.Prepares and installs solutions by determining and designing system specifications and standardsImproves operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes in policies and procedures.Updates job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment and techniques.Provides information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and service issues.Develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle.Required SkillsBachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related fieldA minimum of 5 years of Software Engineering work experienceExperience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, information retrieval, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security  software development Knowledge of Internet Protocols such as AS2, HTTP, FTP, SFTP and SSL/TLSWorking proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written EnglishJava 1.7/1.8TomcatJAX-RS 2.0/2.1SQLJava serialization • JEE6/7REST API developmentJavaScriptXML/XSD/DTD/Parsers (SAX/DOM)JBoss 7 or aboveJSONEJB QL Preferred Skills JSF 2.0/2.1JSF ELPrimeFacesWildfly 10/11ElasticsearchJava ProxySQL Server • HTTP connection poolingHTTPS/Java certificate managementRESTEasyJackson 2.xHibernateAngular JS • RMIJNDIJ2EEJMXRhino/NashornPostgreSQLMicroservice architecture About Liaison Technologies  Liaison Technologies is a growing and energized global Integration and data management services company providing unique and high-value services to move, transform and manage business information in the cloud. With a comprehensive array of business-to-business  and application-to-application integration and data transformation services, Liaison's practitioners implement data management infrastructures adapted to each client’s specific business requirements. Headquartered in Alpharetta, Liaison has additional offices  in both the U.S. and Western Europe. For more information visit our corporate website at www.liaison.com  Liaison Technologies offers competitive pay and a generous benefit package to all of our full time employees that include FREE medical, dental and vision plans, 401K matching, STD/LTD, wonderful PTO schedules, and 10 paid holidays per year. We also have a great  work environment that includes a game room, free beverages, Bagel Fridays, and many fun events throughout the year. Come join our team of talented and motivated employees!  Liaison Technologies is an equal opportunity employer. It is the policy of Liaison technologies not to discriminate in hiring and employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, disability, age or any other protected class in accordance  with all applicable federal, state and local laws.
 AnaVation is looking for talented Software Engineers who are passionate about technology and working with cutting edge software and hardware to support our mission critical customer in Northen, VA area. The ideal candidate appreciates partnering with our customer and a group of engineers to create innovative engineering solutionsRequired:Full lifecycle web application development experienceDevelopment experience in the following languages and platforms: Java, Spring, Spring-Boot, Gradle, Ant, JavaScript, Linux, both SQL and no-SQL databasesExperience with middleware products such as Apache and TomcatExperience with AWS offerings such as EC2, ELB, ASG, RDS, DynamoDB, EMRExperience with Agile developmentExperience with DevOps/CI tools such as Git Hub, Puppet, CloudFormation and JenkinsActive TS/SCI with Poly security clearanceDesired:Experience with both the operation of and interfacing with search engines such as Solr/ElasticsearchUnderstanding of ETL, and experience with ETL tools: NiFi, Pentaho, TwisterUnderstanding of Hadoop ecosystem and tools such as Cloudera AnaVation is an Equal Employment/Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate in hiring on the basis of sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religious creed, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.  If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by email at accommodations@anavationllc.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Requests for accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Please note that only inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address.
Department:Unitil CorporationLocation:Hampton, NHPosition Description:Develop systems according to functional specifications while maintaining a “common sense” approach that serves to identify and provide insight into potential design gaps. Develop efficient, scalable, reusable business logic components leveraging OOP principles and common design patterns. Develop intuitive, dynamic, responsive and user friendly UIs. Design and create supporting database schema and related objects leveraging industry best-practices. Assess, debug/troubleshoot, and document production issues and develop fixes as needed for mission critical systems. Perform root-cause analysis and suggest/implement improvements to avoid recurring issues. Serve as an on-call person to resolve outages and system crashes on a 24/7/365 basis.Qualifications:The successful candidate will have a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field and 3-6 years of experience in a software development environment. Must have strong understanding of object-oriented programming and computer science fundamentals and be self-motivated, independent, detail-oriented and a responsible team-player. Must have experience in full stack web development in the .NET Framework (preferably 3.5+) , ASP.Net, C#, SQL Server, jQuery and CSS. Must be familiar with ASP.Net MVC, WCF, Linq. HTML 5, and ORM technologies. SharePoint, mobile device development, and utility industry experience preferred.
 Company DescriptionWi-Tronix provides products and services to wirelessly monitor high-value mobile assets such as locomotives, industrial equipment, and marine vessels. Mobile assets of this class are typically the workhorses of an enterprise. In the past, mobile meant disconnected. Being disconnected causes great inefficiencies in an enterprise that counts on mobile assets for its core business operations. Advanced commercially available wireless technologies now enable all types of assets to be connected throughout most of the world. Wi-Tronixs mission is to integrate these technologies to enable businesses to improve the operational efficiency, service reliability and safety of high-value mobile assets.  Our products are designed to solve your most difficult challenges with minimal disruption to your operations. Some suppliers only have pieces of the overall puzzle. Wi-Tronix assures that you have an end-to-end solution.Job DescriptionWi-Tronix is looking for a Senior Developer to continually conceptualize, design, implement, deploy and improve Wi-Tronix's innovative technological solutions that sustain and enhance the operations, safety, and efficiency of the world's transportation systems. This is a technical lead position.  The core functions are as follows:  1. DEVELOPMENT (70%) Software Requirements: Understand, user stories details to acquire clear understanding of customer use cases. Define/Understand graphical user interface requirements using wireframe diagrams.Software Architecture and Design: Covert user stories into a software design for implementation as well as architect future developments consistent with existing PD solutions. Complete design reviews as per product development review process.Software development: Develop high quality software solutions consistent with existing PD solutions. Ensure the code retains product performance, logical stability, reliability, confidentiality, maintainability and integrity. Ensure the coding standards are followed and reviews are completed as per code review process.Software validation and deployment: Validate new product solutions compliance to PD standards through a combination of unit, integration, field and new functionality testing. Ensure all new features meet function requirements and the data is verified for accuracy. Develop/Create unit and new functionality test case documents.Automation: Innovate/Propose test automation opportunity to increase teams efficiency. Develop/Define end to end automated test cases using automation tools as per quality standards. Enhance/Develop internal automation tools as necessary to support end to end fully automated regression goal. 2. TECHNICAL SERVICE (20%) SEV Defects Provide feedback to open appropriate severity level defect and resolve defects on time and accurately.EOS, Rocks & Innovation Week . Propose and implement innovative ideas to enhance product features and teams effectiveness.Customer Support - Interact and collaborate with customer service, project engineering, and the rest of the product development team to deliver superior service to Wi-Tronix customer support and end customers.Mentoring and Coaching - Provide technical mentoring and coaching to junior team members as needed.On Call Support/Respond to automate and system generated alerts with in required time frame as defined by PD on call responsibilities sheet. Complete root cause analysis for on call support requests requested by customer support. Complete on call meeting action item. The On Call responsibilities are only valid for team members participating in rotation until the technical support team is fully functional. 3. ADMINISTRATION/TRAININGS (10%) Hiring and Onboarding - Participating in interviewing and evaluation process. Mentor and coach new hires in effectively integrating into the organization and completing the 90-day coaching for success milestones on time.Career and Professional Development - Collaboratively with manager, develop knowledge path, development and career path options by end of 6th month of employment. Ensure growing professional competencies by logging a minimum 5 training hours per quarter.Admin Functions Support/Complete administrative functions such as status reporting, attending standups, company meetings. QualificationsThese qualifications are required B.S. Electrical or Computer Engineering, or related field.Software engineering experience in telecommunication, military, transportation or similar industry (10+ years).Deep Knowledge of various software technologies used in software development (C++, MFC , ASP .net, MVC, C++, C#, SQL, Jquery, Web Services).Technical leadership or team lead experience. Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
Backend Java Engineer Engineering Team | Santa Clara, CA Engineering Team: As a Back-End Java Developer, you will join an elite team of engineers building the best possible experiences for students as they learn how to solve math problems. Product: Chegg Math is an adaptive educational product, that helps students learn and understand Math. Chegg Math will provide students self-guided, step-by-step and adaptive math solutions. From High School to College, Chegg Math will support a diverse set of learners at each point in their educational journey. Chegg Math will integrate with our other digital services including Chegg Study and Chegg Tutors. Requirements:Candidate should have minimum 3+ years of experience in Java development and strong object-oriented design experience.Experience in developing REST APIs using Spring boot framework. Ability to write clean & maintainable code with Unit tests.Experience writing unit tests using Junit/TestNG with Mockito.Fluent in writing complex SQL queries.Knowledge of micro-services architecture, Caching, distributed applications.Nice to Have:DockerAWSBonus Points:graphQLSwagger About Chegg: As the leading student-first connected learning platform, Chegg's Student Hub makes higher education more affordable and more accessible, all while improving student outcomes. Chegg is a publicly-held company based in Santa Clara, CA with offices in San Francisco, New York, Portland, India, Israel, Berlin, and Ukraine. Chegg Student Hub Services Include: Chegg Study, Tutoring, Writing Tools, Math Help, Test Prep, Careers Search, Internship Admissions, and College Admissions. Life at Chegg:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYHnkwiD7OoChegg Benefits:http://www.chegg.com/jobs/benefitsChegg for Good:http://blog.chegg.com/category/chegg-for-good/Glassdoor Best Places to Work 2015:http://bit.ly/GDBPTW For more information, visit www.chegg.comChegg is an equal opportunity employer#LI-AH
Job Description**Active TS/SCI with Polygraph Required*** Red Arch Solutions is a proven and effective small business integrator and consultant, recognized as a leading provider of IT development to the Federal Government, and primarily focused within the Intelligence Community.  We are an official Amazon Web Services (AWS) Partner, and are pleased to now offer Cloud Solutions Architecture and Engineering using AWS. We promote the advancement of our staff in achieving AWS certifications.  Red Arch is seeking a Software Developer to support NGA.  The scope of this effort relates to the development and maintenance of several applications for NGA to include Disclosure and Release Tool (DART), Print-on-Demand (PoD), Intent-to-Publish (NIP), Source Content Management and Services, and Forward Based Geospatial Intelligence (GEOINT) – Geospatial Services/Computer to Plate (FBG-GS/CTP) Production System. Responsibilities/Job Function: Attend the Production Management Working Group (PMWG) weekly meetings Translate customer needs, as gathered from PMWG or coordinated source production meetings, into technical requirements for review by the Government Collaborate with NGA data stewards, system administrators, and database engineers to identify and assist in the resolution of issues impacting the discovery and delivery of NGA products Generate specialized reports that can be imported/exported to/from relational database tables (or similar relational database) Ensure all required software, hardware, and DTO certification (training) are compliant with Intelligence Community Standard 500 to perform GEOINT product retrieval, review, and dissemination functions Perform market research for industry trends, new developments, and solutions applicable to NGA dissemination and NGA Storage architecture Provide weekly status to management detailing activities and accomplishments.Minimum Qualifications Mandatory Security Clearance Requirement: TS/SCI with CI Poly Demonstrated experience in application design, development, and maintenance using a variety of graphics software applications, techniques, and tools Demonstrated experience in designing and developing user interface features, site animation, and special-effects elements Demonstrated experience advising and assisting a design group’s efforts to enhance the look and feel of the organization’s online offerings Demonstrated experience using style guides (organization-wide) Demonstrated understanding of Controlled Access Program Coordination Office (CAPCO) Markings and Implementation Demonstrated experience establishing system Authorization and Accreditation (A&A) in a classified environment Demonstrated understanding of multi-tiered systems, logical and physical data modeling concepts, and communication between components Demonstrated experience using Unix/Linux operating systems, Linux shell scripting, SQL, Storage Area Networks and Network Attached Storage, System and Storage architecture best practices Demonstrated experience tracking and providing metrics on data holdings and quality issues Demonstrated experience with multiple software languages including C#, Java, JavaScript, and Visual Basic Demonstrated experience with ESRI ArcGIS, OpenGeo Server, Oracle Spatial, PostgreSQL, and PostGIS A Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited institute in an area applicable to this position (e.g. information systems, computer science, math, or engineering) and five (5) years of relevant technical experienceAn additional four (4) years of relevant technical experience may be substituted for the Bachelor’s DegreeMust presently be 8570 compliant (IAT Level 2 preferred); must be 8570 compliant (IAT Level 2) by date of security indoctrination with any necessary continuing education (CE) for certificationDesired QualificationsExperience transitioning and maintaining applications in the AWS C2S cloudRed Arch Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital status, disability, or protected veteran status. Red Arch Solutions takes affirmative action in support of its policy to advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.
 Frontline Education is a leading provider of SaaS EdTech solutions for educators and administrators across the United States. Frontline Education serves more that 12,000 educational organizations nationwide. Our Human Capital Management solutions are used in all 50 states and have the largest data set in K12 Human Capital Management. We partner with school districts whose professionals and staff use our premier software solutions daily. In 2015, we were recognized by INC. Magazine as one of the fastest growing private organizations in North America  Frontline Education is seeking a Software Developer - Java to design, build, test, deploy and support elegant, scalable and reliable software solutions for our customers. This is a fast-paced and exciting role that provides opportunities to work on a wide array of projects.  The Software Developer - Java is responsible for: Collaborating within and across cross-functional, agile teams to deliver software that achieves business objectives using a continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD) model.Contributing to and evangelizing Frontline Education engineering standards and practices.Mentoring more junior developers and peers. Qualifications, Key Skills and Competencies Bachelor’s Degree in Relevant Field and/or 5+ years’ experienceDemonstrable experience in building scalable Java-based web applications and architecturePassionate about code quality and testing at multiple levelsDemonstrable experience with automated build and deployment tools and techniquesDemonstrable experience using Tomcat, Spring, MySQL, and BIRT or other reporting librariesExperience with microservice architectures, NoSQL database technologies, and rules engines preferredExperience in JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 or Angular is a plus but not requiredWorking experience with Agile methodologyExperience with Git in a continuous integration environment is preferredExcellent oral and written communication skills Personal Attributes A ‘One Team’ mindset in which success is only achieved through the success of othersA Systems Thinking approach that ensures solutions solve the problem at hand within the construct of a larger platformAn entrepreneurial spirit: willing to try new ideas, learn fast, and continuously improveA consultative approach to evangelizing concepts and teaching others to fish
Invata Intralogistics is seeking a highly motivated software developer to help us develop application software and re-useable library modules in Microsoft Visual Studio (C#) and SQL Server for use in equipment automation and inventory management projects for the distribution logistics marketplace.The Software Developer position will be located in our Conshohocken office in the Greater Philadelphia Area.Invata automated storage and retrieval shuttles managing inventory flow to and from high density storage in omni-channel distribution operation.Software Developer candidates should possess the following skills:Strong capability in Visual Studio .NET environment (C#) as a software developer.Strong capability in T-SQL (advanced SQL stored procedures, structures, and methods).Strong capability in WPF (Windows Presentation Foundation).Superior written and inter-personal communication capabilities.Consistency in approach and application of coding skills as a software developer that will reliably produce work that maintains company standards, shows deference to project functional specifications, enables supportability by others, and provides compatibility with company’s overall body of work.Propensity for working with and mentoring others.Proven aptitude for performing under pressure in fast-paced environment.Inherent curiosity and ability to learn from existing library of work.Software Developer candidates should have experience in the following areas:Experience as a software developer for ‘out-of-the-box’ applications (i.e., primarily functional applications for specialized equipment and devices). Our applications run concurrently in the standard computing environment (‘in-box’) as well as specialized equipment and hardware environments.Exposure to software development for manufacturing or distribution environments.Experience as a software developer for Warehouse Management System (WMS), Warehouse Control System (WCS), and/or Warehouse Execution System (WES) Software.Equipment automation experience.Software development with an engineering focus as contrasted to financial or enterprise resource focus.About Invata:Invata Intralogistics is an innovative engineering / software development firm specializing in the design, implementation, and integration of technologically advanced warehouse automation systems for use in omni-channel distribution centers, e-commerce fulfillment centers, reverse logistics processing centers, third-party logistics centers, and a wide array of warehousing/distribution operations.Our systems utilize advanced material handling technology along with sophisticated database and warehouse software and control systems to ensure constant analysis and optimization of an operation such that leaps in productivity can be achieved and consistently maintained. In doing so, Invata systems often enable our clients to turn cost centers into competitive advantages.A culture of inquiry:As a nimble, hard-working team, Invata employees share a relentless conviction to the elegance of simplicity, the efficiency of purpose, and the satisfaction derived from finding the best solution to any logistics challenge we face. As a result, inquiry and constant learning are our drivers and comprehension and task ownership comprise the due diligence required for success.If you are a software developer who thrives in a fast-paced environment in which your best efforts have real impact on company success, then we look forward to hearing from you. .
 Bolt-on Technology is seeking a Software Developer who will be responsible for creating/maintaining software applications, as well as modifications and customization of our current applications and processes to support our growing customer base.  This position will focus on, but is not limited to engineering, designing, maintaining and documenting new and current software solutions, testing and debugging software applications, developing installation programs and upgrade instructions with written tutorials or training of internal/external team, and more. The ideal candidate must be results-motivated, have a great attitude and be eager to become a vital team member.  We are a cutting-edge/aggressive technology company experiencing major growth and need someone we can depend on. Our presence in the market has grown substantially, resulting in rapid growth and the need for additional staff. Our team makes time to laugh and have fun while working hard to grow the company. This open work environment is ideal for laid-back individuals who can relax and have a good time, while remaining focused on the job at hand.  If a playful working environment and vast career experience is what you’re looking for, check us out. Essential Responsibilities:Assisting in the design of new products and applications.Coding, testing, debugging, implementing, and documenting complex applications.Writing specifications for complex applications.Assist the technical support team in resolving issues encountered with our software.Creating appropriate documentation in work assignments such as program code, and technical documentation.Assisting management in preparing time estimates for development projects.Remain abreast of industry technical trends and new development to maintain current skills and remain current with industry standards. Essential Requirements 1 or more years of experience in .NET Development.A curious mind. Technology moves fast and you must be willing to stay cutting edge.A willingness to take on new tasks as required.At least 1 year of recent software development experienceCollege degree in computer sciences or related field of study preferred.Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work in a team environment.Excellent written and oral communication skills.Experience in VB.NET and ASP.NET.Experience with Microsoft Azure and other cloud services is a definite plus.Experience working with relational databases, especially SQL server.Personal Traits: Self-motivation, detail-oriented, multi-tasking, and able to work independently and in a team environmentProven time management skills.Strong problem solving and analytical/reasoning skills. Compensation and Benefits  Salary and Wage: Salary commensurate with experience Insurance: Health, Medical, Dental, Vision Retirement plan information: 401(k) Paid time off: Paid vacation, personal days, and holidays
 Software Developer - NYC SS&C GlobeOp, Inc. is a leading fund administrator providing the world’s most comprehensive array of financial technology products and services under a public, independent, single platform. SS&C GlobeOp’s expertise in business process outsourcing supports complete lifecycle capabilities, available on a stand-alone basis to hedge funds, fund of funds, private equity funds, family wealth offices, and managed accounts. SS&C brings together experts in investments, providing superior client service from its headquarters in Windsor, CT and subsidiaries in Canada, United States, Australia and Europe. Visit us at www.sscglobeop.com or www.ssctech.com. Position Overview These positions’ purpose is to work on development of new investment services applications. Our applications are written in ASP.NET MVC in front end and C# in the backend using with SQL Server as database.  As a Software Developer, your role is to participate in the design and development of our new investment services initiatives. This is a role with significant growth potentials within a fast paced business environment. The candidate should be willing to learn new technologies such as AI, Blockchain, Voice Recognition and Big Data. Required Skills:2+ years of working experience in ASP.NET and C# programming.Deep understanding of .NET Framework 4.0 or above.Fundamental knowledge of .NET platform tools, utilities, and MS Visual Studio.Good knowledge of authentication and authorization with security sensitivity in mind when coding applications.Extensive knowledge on XML including XML Schema, XSLT, XPath, and XQuery.Knowledge of Telerik/Kendo UI or other AJAX development library, and or HTML 5.Excellent experience with SQL coding, performance tuning on stored procedures/functions, indexing.Knowledge of Windows and windows API.Working knowledge of Web Services and Service Oriented Architecture.Excellent written and verbal communication skills and good client interfacing skills.Quick learner for emerging technologies such as AI, Blockchain, Voice Recognition and Big Data.Desired Skills:Dynamic SQL.Developing a workflow application experience.MVC 3 & Entity FrameworkTelerik, jQuery UI, HTML 5 and/or Kendo UIProven analytical and problem-solving abilities.Knowledge of software and hardware logical and physical deployment options and related security and performance concerns and solutions.OO design patterns a plus.Good documentation skills are a must.Experience in a software development environment with high quality assurance standards is required.Ability to work under minimal supervision.Experience developing Amazon Alexa voice skills and using the voice APIsDeploying applications to AWSBlockchain and its application to investment management applicationsArtificial intelligence and its application to investment management applicationsSS&C HAS AN EXCELLENT BENEFITS PROGRAM INCLUDING A MEDICAL AND DENTAL PLAN, TUITION REIMBURSEMENT PLAN, AND 401K PLAN. SS&C offers a highly competitive compensation, performance based bonus, and a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, dental, 401(k), tuition reimbursement program, and much more.  SS&C Technologies is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and as such does not discriminate against any applicant for employment or employee on the basis of race, color, religious creed, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other classification protected by applicable discrimination laws.
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. Qualifications Minimum qualifications:BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.4 years of relevant work experience in software development, including experience in Java and/or C++.Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development.Preferred qualifications:Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java or C++.Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

Job SummaryWe deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance.Liberty Mutual s (LM) acquisition of Ironshore Inc. in May 2017 resulted in a new set of applications that need to be integrated into the overall LM/GS IT eco-system. The GS Ironshore IT integration team will provide the IT leadership to program-plan and execute the move to a single consolidated stack of GS IT solution across US and Non-US Ironshore businesses. Working closely with the Ironshore business and operation teams, required business capabilities and processes are currently being defined to create a multi-year IT integration plan that also will become the blueprint for future Global Specialty acquisitions. The Ironshore IT integration team will focus on end-to-end IT solutions across all functional areas, the respective data migration aspects as well as the change management PMO activities. As a Sr. Software Developer (Test), you will be engaged in the testing execution for end to end solutions in support of the application transformation to a single stack. You will be responsible for executing various tasks and activities in the e2e testing function necessary to deliver quality onboarding of Ironshore business on the GS/LM eco-system.Job ResponsibilitiesParticipate in planning, analysis, test design/test development, test execution and debugging needed to achieve successful implementation of an end to end integrated solution across domains. Work in a CI/CD Environment using a variety of performance tools such as JUnit, Scala, SOAP UI and LoadRunner to develop automated unit, component, system integration, smoke and performance testsManipulate and extract information from logs using Splunk to generate reports on the health of the systems and also to identify issues with code.Participate in Paired Programming, Extreme Programming / XP and code review.Collaborate effectively with individual domain agile teams to align and partner on test cases, tools and metrics while executing testing for multiple business scenarios. Partner with developers to improve and automate development, test and release processesPerforms related duties as assigned or requested scope; models solutions across projects according to architecture, technology and standards.Supports development team throughout project lifecycle, including during test phase; researches test issues and data content, and assists with problem resolution.Investigates and makes final recommendations on new tools and techniques; collaborates on hardware/software evaluations.QualificationsBachelors or Master's degree in a technical or business discipline or equivalent expertise. Generally a minimum of 5 years related experience.Experience in designing and building test automation tools and systemsExpert knowledge of QA methodologies in the context of an Agile software lifecycle. Highly proficient in testing strategies, tools, techniques and methodologies with ability to provide reliable, consistent results from execution; including automated testing and modeling tools.Experience with LoadRunner, Git Environment, Maven, Eclipse, Gatlin and JMeter is desiredWe take care of our employeesWe strongly believe that a great job should keep you happy both at workand in life. Thats why we offer:Workplace Flexibility Wellness PerksCollaborative workspacesSit/stand desks Career development, programs and classesDiversity & Inclusion programs Commuter BenefitsAdoption AssistanceCollege Savings PlanEducation reimbursement Hackathon EventsLiberty Mutual was named as a 2016 Great Place to Work by Great Place to Work US. For more info about our benefits - https://www.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/working-here/benefits Learn more about Tech at Liberty Mutual - http://www.jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/technology-jobsCheck out our Tech at Liberty Mutual YouTube playlist - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxUNmyJ_IIGx9yoUJfQ8k5APAK3-KAa6j Job:  Technology Primary Location: United States-New Hampshire-PortsmouthSchedule: Full-timeSalary: $92,000-$118,000Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years)
 Overview  We are looking for a PHP developer to work with an experienced technical team to help create a new CRM platform and plan and executive IT initiatives.  As part of the technical team you will have the opportunity to work with leading brands including Verizon, Home Security, AT&T and others.  You will work with a team of developers on innovating new platforms and turning plans into actionable items. What We Are Looking For:3+ years as a PHP DeveloperSolid knowledge and experience in object oriented programmingProficient in javascript, html, cssProficient in My SQLDedicated team playerAbility to thrive in a fast-paced environmentRequires high proficiency in both written and verbal. Most communication involves technical/specific terminology, logical development of arguments or processes and requires clarity of expressionRequires high degree of independent judgement and problem solving of complex problemsSolid LAMP experiencePreferred:5+ years as a PHP DeveloperMarketing Technology ExperienceSuper Street Fighter 4 Ultra Arcade Edition experienceExperience in the following areas:LaraveljQueryTwitter BootstrapNodeSVN, GITAbout CLEARLINK: CLEARLINK’s team of 1,300+ employees is headquartered in Salt Lake City and has been creating marketing content services for Fortune 500 companies for over 13 years. At CLEARLINK you will have opportunities to work with people who are as passionate as they are talented, develop yourself and your skills, and create valuable content and relationships every day. We also like to reward our employees: Up to 100% healthcare for your entire familyOver two weeks paid time offPaid ski days, wellness activities, and team outingsFully-stocked break room and gourmet coffeeAward-winning wellness program with free health coachingAll-expense paid vacations for top employees
 We believe work is not a place, but rather a thing you do. Our technology revolves around this core philosophy. We are relentlessly committed to helping people work and play from anywhere, on any device. Innovation, creativity and a passion for ever-improving performance drive our company and our people forward. We empower the original mobile device: YOU! Location:RaleighRequisition:R9548 Software Development Manager, Platform (Open)Job Posting Title:Software Development Manager, PlatformJob Description: If you haven't heard, Citrix ShareFile is a fast-evolving cloud-hosted content collaboration service that enables secure digital workflows. ShareFile is used by millions of end users, spread across a diverse range of businesses and geographies. Citrix ShareFile has been recognized as a Leader by both Gartner for Content Collaboration Platforms, and by Forrester for Enterprise File Sync and Share Platforms.  Here on the ShareFile backend engineering team, we take pride on extending our core product platform, supporting services, and APIs. Just some of the things we work on: Design and write rich RESTful APIs and SDKs for expanding our developer ecosystemBuild scalable fault-tolerant microservices for document preview, editing, search, and for managing asynchronous background jobsBuild frameworks for microservices, event publishing, test automation, and continuous integration / continuous deploymentContinually monitor, debug, and improve system fault tolerance from HTTP edge endpoints to DB persistence layerIntegrate with a wide variety of cloud-hosted services from AWS, Azure, Google, and othersUse cutting-edge tools for agile development and for monitoring such as git, JIRA, splunk, ElasticSearchand lots more to help our customers get stuff done! As a Software Development Manager and a technical leader, you will use agile practices to manage a team of highly skilled software engineers. You will have flexibility to spend significant time as an individual contributor, writing code and designing applications and APIs.  This is a fun, dynamic, and fast-paced environment located at our modern office buildings in vibrant downtown Raleigh. If you like to write code, get things done, be challenged with tough high-impact problems, and love to work with smart people, this is the place to be! Minimum Qualifications7+ years of software development experience, with 2+ years in a manager or technical lead roleDemonstrable experience in building, deploying, monitoring, and debugging large-scale web applications using C#, .NET, ASP.NET, SQL Server, and IIS / kestrelRich experience in designing and consuming RESTful APIs.Familiarity with agile development patternsStrong foundational knowledge on computer science principlesStrong interpersonal and leadership skills, to drive collaboration and innovationDegree in Computer Science or a related fieldDesired QualificationsExperience with diverse development platforms and programming / scripting languagesExperience in building services using cloud-based infrastructure services (AWS, Azure, GCP)Proven experience in hiring and managing high performance development teamsAbout Citrix Citrix is a cloud company that enables secure digital workspaces and mobile workstyles. We create a continuum between work and life by allowing people to work whenever, wherever, and however they choose. Flexibility and collaboration is what were all about.  The Perks: We offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package, matched with an incredible culture, geared to help you grow and succeed with us.  *LI-MK1 Functional Area:Software DevelopmentAbout us: Citrix is a cloud company that enables mobile workstyles. We create a continuum between work and life by allowing people to work whenever, wherever, and however they choose. Flexibility and collaboration is what were all about. The Perks: We offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package. Youll enjoy our workstyle within an incredible culture. Well give you all the tools you need to succeed so you can grow and develop with us.
 Requisition Number 17-0064 Post Date 1/3/2018 Title Sr. Software Engineer City Atlanta Description The Role:  Liaison Technologies is looking to immediately fill a full-time Senior Software Engineer role in the Alpharetta, GA office. This position requires good communication skills, ability to work together in cross-functional technical teams in different areas of  the organization, strong hands-on programming abilities and strong knowledge of systems architecture and object-oriented programming concepts.  The Senior Software Engineer will be a core member of the Master Data Management (MDM) development team responsible for designing and developing new features and capabilities for the ALLOY data management platform. Responsibilities include conceptual design,  architecture and topology, solution design and implementation. Candidate is expected to participate in gathering requirements, documenting and designing MDM functionality and the related application integration and enhancements within the application. This  includes support for application testing, integration of systems, project estimation, and project go-live activities. ResponsibilitiesDevelop enhancements and bug fixes based on release schedule.Triage production issues and deliver the fixes on a scheduled time.Assist team with the support and enhancement of a multi domain MDM platform following the SDLC process defined.Participate in code reviews and all phases of system and integration testing.Day to day maintenance and support of the application.Use of JIRA tools to manage development/deployment activities. Support testing team to help executing the test plans and test cases.Determines operational feasibility through problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions.Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code.Prepares and installs solutions by determining and designing system specifications and standardsImproves operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes in policies and procedures.Updates job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment and techniques.Provides information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and service issues. Develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle.Required Skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related fieldA minimum of 5 years of Software Engineering work experience. Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, information retrieval, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security  software development Knowledge of Internet Protocols such as AS2, HTTP, FTP, SFTP and SSL/TLS Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English Java 1.7/1.8 Tomcat JAX-RS 2.0/2.1 SQL Java serialization • JEE6/7 REST API development JavaScript XML/XSD/DTD/Parsers (SAX/DOM) JBoss 7 or above JSON EJB QL Preferred Skills JSF 2.0/2.1 JSF EL PrimeFaces Wildfly 10/11 Elasticsearch Java Proxy SQL Server • HTTP connection pooling HTTPS/Java certificate management RESTEasy Jackson 2.x Hibernate Angular JS • RMI JNDI J2EE JMX Rhino/Nashorn PostgreSQL Microservice architecture About Liaison Technologies  Liaison Technologies is a growing and energized global Integration and data management services company providing unique and high-value services to move, transform and manage business information in the cloud. With a comprehensive array of business-to-business  and application-to-application integration and data transformation services, Liaison's practitioners implement data management infrastructures adapted to each client’s specific business requirements. Headquartered in Alpharetta, Liaison has additional offices  in both the U.S. and Western Europe. For more information visit our corporate website at www.liaison.com  Liaison Technologies offers competitive pay and a generous benefit package to all of our full time employees that include FREE medical, dental and vision plans, 401K matching, STD/LTD, wonderful PTO schedules, and 10 paid holidays per year. We also have a great  work environment that includes a game room, free beverages, Bagel Fridays, and many fun events throughout the year. Come join our team of talented and motivated employees!  Liaison Technologies is an equal opportunity employer. It is the policy of Liaison technologies not to discriminate in hiring and employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, disability, age or any other protected class in accordance  with all applicable federal, state and local laws.
