b' Make Up to $78K per Year running Regional!  Interested candidates should apply to the Philidelphia Location Loads of Work: Company Tank Truck Drivers can earn up to 78k per year  52 cpm loaded and 48 cpm empty  Haul Chemicals out of Philadelphia and New Jersey  Many freight lanes east of the Mississippi  Average Time Out 7 - 10 days  Flexible time at home (Average of 2-3 days based upon length of time out)  Average 2500 miles a week  Park location - Bristol PA Trimac Offers: Weekly Direct Deposit  Generous Product Line Training Pay  Medical, Dental, and Vision  Matching 401(K)  Reimbursements on Trucking School Tuition, TWIC & Passport Trimac Safety Commitment: We make Safety a part of every decision  We make Safety personal  We have the courage to intervene Requirements: 1 year verifiable Tractor Trailer Experience, or  Military Driving Experience  You served our country faithfully, now come join us in serving you and take advantage of your skills and let\xe2\x80\x99s continue serving together.  Please visit our Military Transport Path page.  \xe2\x80\x8bGood Driving Record  Trimac Transportation is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to employment equity.  We value a diverse workforce and are committed to hiring practices that are fair and equitable. Walk- ins Welcome and encouraged: Apply in person Monday - Friday 8am to 4pm or call to schedule an appointment.  The branch can be located at: 3500 New Falls Road Bristol, PA 19007'
b' Power Home Remodeling is a company founded on equal parts hard work and positivity. We believe that \xe2\x80\x9cdream\xe2\x80\x9d and \xe2\x80\x9cachieve\xe2\x80\x9d are not mutually exclusive. That philosophy has served us well in becoming FORTUNE Magazine\xe2\x80\x99s #1 Workplace for Millennials and one of Glassdoor\xe2\x80\x99s Best Places to Work.  90% of our executives begin their careers in entry-level positions because we recruit, train, and retain talented individuals with a drive to succeed. Power is more than a home remodeling company. Power is a dream realization, technology-innovation, community-advocacy, expectation-shattering, happiness-maximizing company dedicated to improvement, both for our customers, and ourselves. Entry Level Sales Representative When you work at a company where the CEO started at entry level less than a decade ago and worked his way to the top, you know we mean it when we say we\xe2\x80\x99re preparing you to succeed in more than just your current position. As a full-time entry-level sales representative you\xe2\x80\x99ll be trained in all of our products and be able to deliver interactive presentations that will teach communication skills, negotiation tactics, and strategic planning. This position is also the perfect entrance into all other aspects of our business. Primary job responsibilities include:Development and coordination of marketing strategiesPromotion of Power\xe2\x80\x99s products and services to prospective and existing clientsDelivery of interactive sales presentations on eco-friendly, green products and servicesParticipation in ongoing training camps on a weekly basis Qualifications:Highly developed interpersonal, organizational and communication skillsAbility to speak publicly with confidence and poiseStrong sense of ambition, self-motivation and self-disciplineOpen-minded with a passion for learning a wide-range of skills that will carry through a variety of career pathsNaturally outgoing and articulate individual who thrives in social settingsDesire to mentor other colleagues after refining your skill setBA/BS preferredAbility to work Mon \xe2\x80\x93 Fri: 11 am to 7 pm & two Saturdays per month: 9 am to 3 pm Salary and Benefits:Average first year income range: $45,000 - $60,000 (Base Salary plus commission and bonuses)Constant performance-based bonus opportunities with potential to earn an additional $10,000-$50,000 annuallyMonthly opportunities for performance-based non-monetary rewards, such as luxury vacations, high-end electronics, gift cards and tickets to concerts and sporting eventsFull medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans that can be tailored to your specific needs and the needs of your familyAmple paid vacation and holidaysA competitive 401(k) retirement savings program, matched by PowerAccess to the latest technology, such as laptops, smart phones and tablets that will help you reach your earnings goals faster and more efficientlyA dynamic social program filled with can\xe2\x80\x99t miss events, parties, and activities, including an annual bonus in the form of a company trip to a tropical destination for you and a significant other'
b"Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled If youre looking to jump-start your career with a clear path to advancement, then the Enterprise Management Training Program is for you. Whether you see yourself in sales, business development, customer service or operations, this program will prepare you to create your ideal career. As a Management Trainee, you can count on a defined career trajectory with a clear beginning and an open end meaning you can take your training and shape your future. And with our promote-from-within philosophy, you will have plenty of opportunities to advance without ever having to change companies.  This role would be located in one of our offices in Middlesex County, NJ and offers a targeted annual compensation of $49,300.Responsibilities:As a Management Trainee, youll start learning our business from day one while based out of one of our neighborhood branches. You will be entrusted to serve as both the face of Enterprise to customers and partners and the behind-the-scenes operational expert. In our structured program, you will master the knowledge and skills you need to eventually run your own branch, cultivate new business and develop your team.  In our hands-on learning environment, you will receive the guidance, mentoring, and support you need to be successful. You will also get out into the community and establish the relationships essential to building your own business.  Well teach you how to excel at customer service, sales and marketing, finance, and operations. And youll learn what it means to always put our customers first. Ours is a culture of friendly competition, which is critical to growing our business and your success.Qualifications:Bachelor's degree required.Must be at least 18 years old.The ability to operate a motor vehicle is an essential function of this position. Applicants must have a valid, unrestricted driver's license.Must be living within a reasonable commute of no more than 1 hour to the location(s) you are applying to within 30 days of anticipated start date.Must be authorized to work in the United States and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future.Aside from religious observations, must be available to work an average of 48 hours per week."
b" Iselin, NJ  Provident Bank, a multi-billion dollar NJ based bank with branches in NJ and eastern PA is seeking an experienced outside residental loan originator. Qualified candidates must have a proven sales record. Possible territories are listed below. This is a commissioned position. POSITION SUMMARY Under close supervision, this key position solicits and develops a wide variety of mortgage loans to individuals, including mortgage, home equity loans, etc. Works with realtors and other mortgage referral sources. Primarily deals with direct single-family loans. This is a commissioned position.MAJOR JOB RESPONSIBILITIESGenerates loans through prospecting and following up on leads. Originates a minimum of $2,000,000 in mortgage loans per month averaged over each quarter.  25%Services the Branch Offices in an assigned territory to including maintaining a regular schedule of attendance in the Branches during extended hours, for the purpose of direct contact with the Branch's customer base to provide mortgage-financing information.  25%Establishes a weekly route(s) to service a Realtor base of at least 20 Realtors (10 of which do business in CRA Targeted areas). A list of realtors is to be provided to the Department Manager on a weekly basis to include company name, address, contact person and phone number.  15%Maintains a working knowledge of all mortgage programs offered by the Bank.  10%Meets with Branch Managers on a regular basis for client cross selling. Cross-sells Bank\xe2\x80\x99s products and services.  10%Promptly responds to all customer and potential customer inquiries.  5%Maintains and active participation in the processing of loans acquired.  5%Attends all mandatory sales meetings.  3%Performs other related duties.  2%SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES None SKILLS AND TRAINING Skilled in sales and negotiation techniques.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Knowledge of mortgage industry.  Capability to blend product knowledge and strong interpersonal and sales skills.  Strong situational analysis and independent problem solving skills.  Be a team player.  Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with customers, management and the general public.  Ability to comprehend, analyze and interpret financial reports, statements and related legal documents.  Ability to attend meetings or perform other assignments at locations outside of the office.  Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions.  Ability to remain composed and make appropriate decisions under stressful conditions, which may involve dealing with a range of responsibilities, large sums of money.  Excellent ability to communicate orally effectively and in writing.  Ability to shift attention quickly and accurately from one matter to another.  Ability to prioritize multiple projects and complete them on time. EDUCATION Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree preferred. WORK EXPERIENCE 3 - 5 years related within financial industry with direct sales experience. LICENSES AND/OR CERTIFICATESLicenses and CertificationsExpiration Date None WORKING CONDITIONS Work is performed on the road and under general office conditions in a retail-banking establishment, with travel between offices.HAZARDSThose present in a retail-banking establishment. In the course of working with customers, the employee may encounter abusive, aggressive or unpredicted threatening behavior. Must observe safety and security practices at all times. Also, those found associated with driving a motor vehicle. This job description may not be all-inclusive. Employees are expected to perform other duties as assigned and directed by management. Job descriptions and duties may be modified when deemed appropriate by management.Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, Individuals with Disabilities and LGBTQ *LI-POST"
b' Company Tanker Truck Drivers Can Make Up to $78K per Year Driving Regionally!  Interested candidates should apply to the Philidelphia Location Loads of Work: Company Tank Truck Drivers can earn up to 78k per year  52 cpm loaded and 48 cpm empty  Haul Chemicals out of Philadelphia and New Jersey  Many freight lanes east of the Mississippi  Average Time Out 7 - 10 days  Flexible time at home (Average of 2-3 days based upon length of time out)  Average 2500 miles a week  Park location - Bristol PA  Trimac Offers  Weekly Direct Deposit  Generous Product Line Training Pay  Medical, Dental, and Vision  Matching 401(K)  Reimbursements on Trucking School Tuition, TWIC & Passport  Trimac Safety Commitment  We make Safety a part of every decision  We make Safety personal  We have the courage to intervene Requirements: 1 year verifiable Tractor Trailer Experience, or Military Driving Experience; You served our country faithfully, now come join us in serving you and take advantage of your skills and let\xe2\x80\x99s continue serving together. Please visit our Military Transport Path page.  \xe2\x80\x8bGood Driving Record  Trimac Transportation is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to employment equity.  We value a diverse workforce and are committed to hiring practices that are fair and equitable. Walk- ins Welcome and encouraged: Apply in person Monday - Friday 8am to 4pm or call to schedule an appointment.  The branch can be located at: 3500 New Falls Road Bristol, PA 19007  Trimac, the premier provider of bulk transportation services, specializes in the safe, timely transport of chemicals, industrial gas, dry bulk and other tanker freight. Trimac has career opportunities for safety-minded company drivers and owner operators. From local and dedicated, to regional and OTR, Trimac offers a variety of opportunities to meet your needs. With industry-leading pay, extensive benefits and quality home time, you\xe2\x80\x99ll find a long-lasting career with Trimac. We offer the best paid training in the industry! Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a recent CDL school graduate, a former military service member or an experienced driver, Trimac Transportation has the perfect career opportunity for you!'
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. DELI CLERK Deli Clerks are responsible for servicing members at the deli counter. This includes slicing, weighing and wrapping all full-service deli items, replenishing and rotating deli items in both the full-service and the self-service cases. Additional responsibilities include but not limited to: Complying with sanitation and safety standardsMaintaining deli slicing equipmentAssisting members with courteous and friendly customer service \xc2\xa0Requirements: Strong interpersonal skillsPrior deli/meat experienceAbility to work in refrigerated conditions Minimum Age Requirements:  Must be at least 18 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b"Mavis Discount Tire and STS Tire Technician / Tire Installer Put your career into high gear with Mavis Discount Tire! We're looking for a full-time Tire Technician / Tire Installer to join Team Mavis at one or our state-of-the-art automotive service and tire sales centers. With nearly 800 locations throughout New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts,Pennsylvania, Georgia and Florida. Mavis is one of the largest tire sales and automotive repair chain in the United States. About the Position of Tire Technician / Tire Installer Tire Technicians / Tire Installers apply their on-the-job training to professionally install and repair tires in a fast-paced, team environment. In full support Mavis's tire sales, our Tire Technicians / Tire Installers are the team's leaders in dismounting, mounting, rotating and balancing tires. Tire Technicians / Tire Installers also change oil and oil filters, check fluids and assist in undercar repairs like brakes, struts, mufflers and shocks. Employee Benefits At Mavis, we understand that our people drive our success. We provide our team members with competitive weekly pay, including weekly incentive compensation, a good working environment and an excellent combination of additional benefits like health and dental insurance, a 401(k) retirement savings plan with employer match, paid vacations, paid sick and personal time, on-the-job training, and opportunities for career growth and advancement. Qualifications We recruit team members who share our commitment to providing complete customer satisfaction and delivering the highest quality service. To be eligible for the position of Tire Technician / Tire Installer, you must (1) be at least 18 years of age; (2) be legally authorized to work in the United States; and (3) possess 1 year of experience and/or training in tire-related service or any combination of education, training and experience which demonstrates the ability to perform the duties of the position. In addition, it is preferred that Tire Technician possess a state inspection license.  As an active position, Tire Technicians are required to stand, walk, bend, kneel, stoop, crouch, crawl, climb, pull, reach and perform repeated and repetitive movements consistent with vehicle and tire maintenance and repair. Tire Technicians must regularly lift and/or move items weighing over 50 pounds. Mavis is an Equal Opportunity EmployerConsistent with our commitment to the principal of equal employment opportunity for all individuals, we enforce a zero tolerance policy on discrimination at Mavis. Employment decisions are made without regard to an applicant's or employee's actual or perceived membership in any category or status protected by applicable federal, state or local law. The physical demands described above are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the position. Where appropriate,Mavis may provide reasonable accommodation, in order for an otherwise qualified individual to perform the essential functions of the position.0 Job Posted by ApplicantPro"
b'Company Overview For more than 100 years, we\xe2\x80\x99ve been a leader in global infrastructure solutions with a focus on planning, design, technology, and construction management services for a diverse array of markets and disciplines. Across more than 60 offices, 2,000+ highly qualified professionals are united in an unyielding commitment to deliver excellence to every client and every project, every day.  Excellence Delivered As Promised. It\xe2\x80\x99s more than a slogan. It\xe2\x80\x99s our standard. It\xe2\x80\x99s the expectation we place upon ourselves as individuals and as a company. It represents our commitment to our valued clients, industry partners, and employees. It\xe2\x80\x99s our earnest pledge to do what we say. It\xe2\x80\x99s the core of who we are as a firm and the foundation upon which all of our relationships and projects are built. What You Will Do Gannett Fleming is hiring an entry level Highway Designer/Engineer to join our Piscataway, NJ team. In this role, you will have the opportunity to grow and collaborate with experienced project managers and engineers responsible for providing roadway design and construction-phase services for a wide variety of projects, including roadway and intersection improvements, drainage and grading improvements, toll facilities, and highways and interchanges.  Responsibilities: Engineering analysis and design/checking design calculationsTechnical report writingPerform engineering design tasks for roadway projects from preliminary to final design, including horizontal and vertical alignment, roadway cross sections, traffic control, etc.Develop specifications, cost estimates, and prepare final bid packagesField inspections of existing or under construction project sitesRun models, CAD, and design softwareMinimum QualificationsRecent or upcoming graduate of a 4-year Civil Engineering degree programA focus or coursework related to roadway, transportation, or drainage preferredHands on experience with engineering software such as Microstation/InRoads and/or AutoCADStrong written and oral communications skillsPreferred QualificationsEngineer-In-Training (EIT)Prior engineering related internships or similar experience; will consider up to 4 years of experienceLife at Gannett Fleming At Gannett Fleming, we believe in improving the lives of the people we serve. We believe in innovation and social responsibility. We believe in the diversity of our team and the creative solutions they provide. We believe in embracing change and emerging technologies while maintaining an unmatched standard of quality. We believe in creating an environment where employees can thrive at home and at work. We believe in engaging our employees, building lasting relationships with our clients, and, in turn, making a difference in the world.  Gannett Fleming is an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Employer, including veterans and disability status. Gannett Fleming Inc. will not sponsor an employment visa (e.g., H-1B visa), including any visa renewal during employment, for any candidate for this position. No relocation assistance will be provided for this position. Local residents will be given preference. NO AGENCIES PLEASE: Unsolicited resumes from third party agencies will not be accepted. Location: Piscataway, NJ  Working Hours: 8 AM \xe2\x80\x93 5 PM  Employment Status: Full-Time  Internal Requisition ID: 2018-4783'
b' Make Up to $78K per Year running Regional!  Interested candidates should apply to the Philidelphia Location Loads of Work: Company Tank Truck Drivers can earn up to 78k per year  52 cpm loaded and 48 cpm empty  Haul Chemicals out of Philadelphia and New Jersey  Many freight lanes east of the Mississippi  Average Time Out 7 - 10 days  Flexible time at home (Average of 2-3 days based upon length of time out)  Average 2500 miles a week  Park location - Bristol PA Trimac Offers: Weekly Direct Deposit  Generous Product Line Training Pay  Medical, Dental, and Vision  Matching 401(K)  Reimbursements on Trucking School Tuition, TWIC & Passport Trimac Safety Commitment: We make Safety a part of every decision  We make Safety personal  We have the courage to intervene Requirements: 1 year verifiable Tractor Trailer Experience, or  Military Driving Experience  You served our country faithfully, now come join us in serving you and take advantage of your skills and let\xe2\x80\x99s continue serving together.  Please visit our Military Transport Path page.  \xe2\x80\x8bGood Driving Record  Trimac Transportation is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to employment equity.  We value a diverse workforce and are committed to hiring practices that are fair and equitable. Walk- ins Welcome and encouraged: Apply in person Monday - Friday 8am to 4pm or call to schedule an appointment.  The branch can be located at: 3500 New Falls Road Bristol, PA 19007'
b'USA TODAY NETWORK SALES EXECUTIVE Come join The USA TODAY NETWORK! Not only are we the nation\xe2\x80\x99s trusted news source on a local to national level, we are a digital advertising organization with a mission to help local businesses and national brands reach their audiences to grow and thrive. \xc2\xa0 The\xc2\xa0 Account Executive role requires a highly personable, intelligent individual with the ability to lead digitally focused sales efforts while maintaining an energetic, strategic and entrepreneurial spirit. As a USA TODAY NETWORK Account Executive, you\xe2\x80\x99ll partner with clients to provide a broad set of solutions to include:  Search Engine Marketing (PPC)  Reach Local\xe2\x80\x99s Edge Solution  Display Advertising (Banner Advertising)  Web Presence Optimization, including services for Organic Search, Social Media Marketing and Reputation Management  A wide range of business services, including Online Chat, Video Production, and Analytics  Immerging technology such as Virtual and Augmented Reality  Print Advertising When our clients are happy, so are we! We are dedicated to helping our clients grow based on their unique needs. How?\xc2\xa0As an Advertising Account Executive you will: Be equipped with the region\xe2\x80\x99s best marketing services and solutions, empowering you to deliver unparalleled results to your customers.  Develop partnerships with large local businesses and assist them in reaching their goals through integrated marketing plans and comprehensive media solutions.  Identify customer needs to develop and execute account plans and custom client solutions that differentiate USA TODAY NETWORK from competitors.  Be aligned to a focused level of accounts allowing concentrated time and resource investment to premier clients.  Leverage multiple USA TODAY NETWORK resources and partners to develop optimal client solutions across our suite of products, with an emphasis on digital. What you need to do to be successful in this role:\xc2\xa0 Pursue and close new business and revenue streams  Retain, manage, and grow clients in the ever-changing digital landscape  Work within a team to manage the client relationship and retain and build account revenue  Articulate and present our suite of products to business decision makers  Communicate with customers proactively via phone, email and in person  Conduct face-to-face customer meetings, presentations, proposals and demonstrations  Manage a specified sales pipeline and develop a strategy for long-term sustained success  Conduct client check-ins, upsell/cross-sell accounts, and address client market share concerns  Utilize CRM (Salesforce) effectively and efficiently recording all sales activity What you bring to the table: 2+ years\xe2\x80\x99 experience in a high acquisition, consultative, B2B sales role  Aptitude or acumen for\xc2\xa0Digital Marketing  Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or equivalent practical experience  Competitive spirit  Understanding of the online advertising industry  Problem solver who thrives on challenges and can simplify the complex  Effective communication skills and the ability to present comprehensive solutions via multiple forms to prospects  Willingness to continuously learn, try new things and adapt to change  PC Skill, Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and CRM database \xc2\xa0About USA TODAY NETWORK: The USA TODAY NETWORK is the largest local to national media network in the country. Powered by integrated and award-winning news organizations with deep roots in over 100 local communities, plus USA TODAY, the multi-platform\xc2\xa0news network informs and engages more than 100 million people every month through its diverse portfolio of digital, mobile, and publishing products. To connect with us, visit\xc2\xa0http://www.gannett.com\xc2\xa0#LI-PR1 Gannett Co., Inc. (NYSE: GCI) is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are a drug free, EEO employer committed to a diverse workforce. We will consider all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity, family responsibilities, disability, education, political affiliation or veteran status. '
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... As part of Verizon Enterprise Solutions, you\xe2\x80\x99ll be leading a team of five to nine sales professionals to bring in new large enterprise accounts. Your team will craft service solutions bringing together just the right elements for your client from professional services, outsourcing, end-to-end communications, mobility and network services, to hosting, cloud services, and security solutions to tackle the most complex, multi-faceted challenges for new customers. You\xe2\x80\x99ll coach and mentor your direct reports to successfully target and acquire new large enterprise customers. When your team solves the toughest problems for our biggest clients, you\xe2\x80\x99ll be helping drive our business and theirs. Leading, developing, and motivating a sales team.Forecasting sales and developing quotas, monitoring progress against goals, anticipating resource requirements, and planning work for your team.Coaching team members on articulating the business value of our solutions and cultivating deep business relationships with executives in client organizations.Ensuring the team\xe2\x80\x99s ongoing skill building through training and targeted assignments.Assisting in the consultative selling sales process, ensuring customer needs are understood and met, advising on the best solutions, and helping to negotiate and close the deal.What we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... You are an effective and inspiring leader, able to engage and motivate a team to deliver outstanding performance. You enjoy working in a dynamic environment and you have the ability to balance competing demands and priorities. You have the business acumen and executive presence to establish credibility with the c-suite, and you\xe2\x80\x99re energized by the prospect of developing the next generation of sales leaders---while landing the next big account. When you negotiate, you effectively balance the customer need with your needs to result in a win for everyone.  You\xe2\x80\x99ll need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Sold technical enterprise solutions. Even better if you have: A degree.Sold to c-suite.Met or exceeded challenging sales targets. Ideally, with new customers.Led and inspired a team to high performance.Familiarity with enterprise-wide solutions that incorporate several of the following: IP-networking, Cloud, security, mobility, professional or outsourced services or advanced communications solutions\xe2\x80\x94and the business challenges they solve.Established compelling business cases, value propositions, and proposals.Forecasted sales and managed pipelines. Ideally, with Salesforce.com. Learn more about what our Sales team is doing athttp://www.verizonenterprise.com  #VESQBR When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b"Market Research InterviewerMoncton, NB Part-TimeSummary Operating since 1944, Numeris is Canada's most trusted source for TV and radio broadcast measurement and consumer behaviour data. TV and radio stations count on insight from audience members to determine what programs to air and what programs to cancel. Join our Enumeration department recruiting households to participate in our upcoming surveys, and be part of shaping the future of Canadian broadcasting. What You Will Do Coming from a strong sales background, you will be conducting surveys via telephone using persuasive communication skills to encourage participation in Numeris' ratings research.  The Market Research Interviewer role requires multi-tasking skills, adherence to firm targets, and reliable attendance for scheduled shifts. In return Numeris offers a competitive starting wage with an internal monthly reward system, a comprehensive benefits package, and a friendly environment where you will be able to showcase your skills and develop professionally. Scheduling & AvailabilityPart Time, Evenings/Weekends, permanent and contract positions availablePermanent positions must be available to work a minimum of 4 shifts/weekPreference will be given to those able to work 2 shifts  between Monday \xe2\x80\x93 Thursday & 2 shifts between Friday \xe2\x80\x93 SundayHours of operation are as follows: Monday - 6pm-1amTuesday - 6pm-1amWednesday - 6pm-1amThursday - 6pm-1amFriday - 6pm-1amSaturday - 10am-12amSunday - 12pm-12amWhat We Are Looking ForStrong communication and active listening skillsPersuasive speaking and negotiation skillsSelf-motivated to meet performance goalsPrevious telemarketing, market research, or customer service experienceEnthusiastic individuals who are able to maintain engagement throughout phone interviewsIntermediate computer & keyboarding skills, with a high level of accuracyMust have completed Grade 11Fluency in French, Cantonese, and Mandarin is an asset, but not requiredValues Integrity, Accountability, Collaboration, Innovation, Customer Centricity Numeris is an equal opportunity employer We are committed to inclusive, barrier-free recruitment and selection processes and work environments. If you are contacted for a job opportunity, please advise the Human Resources department if any accommodations are needed to ensure you have access to a fair and equitable process. Any information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially."
b'Our Community Support Provider team members support people with developmental disabilities in their homes and in their communities throughout central NJ. Job duties typically this consists of coaching daily living skills, supporting people with behavioral  or physical challenges, and fostering increased independence. All of this is achieved while accompanying people as they pursue their normal daily activities. This might include everyday activities like spending time at home, cooking dinner, talking with friends,  shopping, going to the movies, attending medical appointments and all of the other daily living activities that most people engage in. We have rewarding jobs and fast-track career opportunities that offer paid training, good pay and benefits, and the satisfaction  of knowing your work really matters. Available shifts include weekdays and/or weekends, part time or full time, 1st or 2nd shifts available. Requirements Must be at least 18 years of age.  Must possess a high school diploma or GED certificate.  Must possess a driving record that is acceptable by the agency\xe2\x80\x99s insurance company.  Must possess driver\xe2\x80\x99s license issued from state of residency.  Must have valid liability insurance on personal vehicle that may be used in emergencies while at work.  Must be able to pass rigorous criminal background check and abuse registry checks.'
b" Up To $208,000 Average Annual 1099 Gross Earnings  (Apply to Philadelphia opening)  Loads of Work  Drive Your Revenue by Hauling Chemicals  Mileage Pay is $1.54 loaded and $1.10 empty + Fuel Surcharge Based upon National DOE average  2500 miles a week  Trimac will supply Owner Operator with a Pump and Compressor & Installation- NO COST TO OWNER  Omnitrac System installation- NO COST TO OWNER  Independence and Flexibility  As a Trimac Owner Operator, you'll have choices and unprecedented support you've never had before:  No forced dispatch  No Start Up Equipment Cost  Business Discount Advantages  Pay less for fuel, tires, and more through Trimac\xe2\x80\x99s Business to Business Discounts.  Fuel discounts with major truck stops: Love\xe2\x80\x99s, Flying J, and Pilot.  National account tire pricing on the brands you know and like.  Discounts on parts and service.  Trimac: Safety is our Core Value  We make Safety a part of every decision  We make Safety personal  We have the courage to intervene Requirements: Hazmat/Tanker/TWIC  1 year verifiable tractor trailer experience  No previous driving record involving consumption of illegal or intoxicating substances in the past 10 years  Not involved in a major preventable accident in the past 3 years  No more than 2 highway convictions in the past 2 years  Trimac Transportation is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to employment equity.  We value a diverse workforce and are committed to hiring practices that are fair and equitable. Walk-Ins Welcomed and Encouraged: Apply in person Monday -Friday 8am to 4pm or call to schedule an appointment.  3500 New Falls Road, Bristol, PA 19807"
b'Certified Nursing Assistant$1,000 Sign On Bonus! Chatham Hills Subacute Care Center, a 108-bed Skilling Nursing facility, enjoys a premier reputation for excellence of care. Today, under new ownership, we are creating an inimitable, revitalizing Rehabilitation Environment to provide the short term patient with a luxurious, five-star experience that meets and exceeds all expectations. Duties Include:Assist residents with Activities of Daily Living (Bathing, feeding, toileting, dressing, etc)Assist residents with dental care, nail care, hair care, etcAssure residents are kept dry to avoid breakdown. Bedbound residents need turned and positioned every 2 hours.Obtain residents current weight when instructed.Serve food trays to residents and documenting food/fluid intake and output in residents medical record.Inventory and mark all residents possessionsMake residents beds and keep room neat and tidy.Maintain confidentiality with resident information.Assure resident privacy at all times.Requirements/Qualifications:Current and valid NJ CNA. certificationExperience with Subacute unitExcellent communication skillsExperience in LTC preferred but not requiredPositive attitude and team mentalityLocation of Facility:Chatham, NJWe Offer the Following:401kCompetitive Compensation and Benefits packageSign On BonusProfessional Growth PotentialEmployee Discounts to parks and attractionsPositions Available:All Shifts: 7-3, 3-11, and 11-7Chatham Hills Subacute Care Center is an Equal Opportunity Employer'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Midstate Mall  300 Route 18 Unit 29  East Brunswick, NJ 08816 '
b" Owner Operator Tanker Truck Drivers Can Earn Up To $208,000 Per Year (Gross) Running Regional  (Apply to Philadelphia location)  Loads of Work  Drive Your Revenue by Hauling Chemicals  Mileage Pay is $1.54 loaded and $1.10 empty + Fuel Surcharge Based upon National DOE average  2500 + miles per week  Trimac will supply Owner Operator with a Pump and Compressor & Installation- NO COST TO OWNER  Omnitrac System installation- NO COST TO OWNER  Referral Bonus  Independence and Flexibility  As a Trimac Owner Operator, you'll have choices and unprecedented support you've never had before:  No forced dispatch  No Start Up Equipment Cost  Business Discount Advantages  Pay less for fuel, tires, and more through Trimac\xe2\x80\x99s Business to Business Discounts.  Fuel discounts with major truck stops: Love\xe2\x80\x99s, Flying J, and Pilot.  National account tire pricing on the brands you know and like.  Discounts on parts and service.  Trimac: Safety is our Core Value  We make Safety a part of every decision  We make Safety personal  We have the courage to intervene Requirements: Hazmat/Tanker/TWIC  1 year verifiable tractor trailer experience  No previous driving record involving consumption of illegal or intoxicating substances in the past 10 years  Not involved in a major preventable accident in the past 3 years  No more than 2 highway convictions in the past 2 years  Trimac Transportation is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to employment equity.  We value a diverse workforce and are committed to hiring practices that are fair and equitable. Walk-Ins Welcomed and Encouraged: Apply in person Monday -Friday 8am to 4pm or call to schedule an appointment.  3500 New Falls Road, Bristol, PA 19807"
b'At C3i Solutions, we are committed to providing an incredible experience \xe2\x80\x94 that starts with you. When you join our team, you become part of a network across the world delivering solutions for the most trusted healthcare brands, every day. As our company grows, we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for you to grow with us. We want people who bring their own personality, strengths and talents to create something exceptional. People who will gain more experience than they could have ever imagined when they walked through the door. People who are ready to experience the world like never before. If you\xe2\x80\x99re ready to experience opportunity, join us.  The Quality Analyst/Trainer is accountable for both training and quality assurance, for one or more supported clients. Training responsibilities include development and delivery of corporate and client specific training modules for the designated client team(s) for new hires and for refresher training. Responsibilities also include administering content in the Learning Management System (LMS), maintaining training materials, and designing refresher training. Quality Assurance (QA) responsibilities include monitoring quality of Site Support Representatives, tracking their performance in a quality monitoring system, generating quality metrics reports, coaching and making specific, written recommendations for remediation, when required. Providing ongoing performance data, and analyzing trend progress across the team as well as individually in all specified areas to identify root cause and implement continuous improvement initiatives to meet or exceed quality goals. Collaborate with operations and client management leadership to ensure all quality requirements and expectations are clear.  Training end users on client products in one on one or groups sessions track feedback and help develop content  C3iSolutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer'
b"Friends of Cyrus Adult In-HomeDirect Support ProfessionalJob DescriptionPurposeFriends of Cyrus is looking for dedicated, enthusiastic, creative and experienced professional to provide direct support to individuals with developmental disabilities. Our participants are looking for support with activities of daily living as well as well as assistance with community participation.Friends of Cyrus is looking to fill part-time and full-time positions in your area with the following available shifts:Monday to Friday 9 am to 5 pmMonday to Friday 4 pm to 9 pmSaturday and Sunday 10 am to 6 pmBetween 15 and 40 Hours available per week(schedule may vary by assignment and client need)ResponsibilitiesThe Direct Support Professional is responsible to provide 1:1 support to individuals with developmental disabilities at home and or in the community. The behavior support professional will provide assistance in helping our individuals maintain/increase independence, dignity, privacy, choice, and individuality.Complete required trainingFoster and support a safe, positive, supportive and nurturing work environmentAttend scheduled meetings to discuss client progress goals and individual performanceAttend training on, and implement behavior support plans as neededSupport individuals in developing and meeting their service plan goalsAccurate and timely completion of timesheets and service logsEducation RequirementsHigh school diploma (minimum requirement)Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree (Preferred)Training and Other RequirementsValid Driver\xe2\x80\x99s LicenseMinimum 1 year of Human Service ExperienceExperience with personal Care (toileting, bathing)Experience with behavior support (managing aggression/self-injury, elopement)Professional writing and verbal communicationDDD Shifting ExpectationsPrevention of Abuse, Neglect & ExploitationDDD Life-Threatening Emergencies (Danielle's Law)Additional specialized training(Free training will be facilitated by Friends of Cyrus based on need/assignment)Essential physical/sensory demands and travel involved with position(See below for list of frequent job-related demands)Standing; Walking; Lifting; Carrying; Pushing / Pulling; Bending; Reaching; Visual;Hearing; Speaking; Running; Driving; Use of personal vehicleWorking conditionsPrivate residence and/or community-basedPlease send resume through IndeedContact: 732-770-7440"
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Provides a high level of support services for the professional nursing staff and the routine functions of patient care under the direction of the professional nurse.# Requires a high school diploma or equivalent. Two years of college and six months experience or Bachelors degree in lieu of experience preferred. College study focus in psychology, sociology, nursing or related field or equivalent education. All positions include an every other weekend work requirement.# 14:45-23:45 Week 1: Sun, Mon, Wed, Thur, Fri Week 2: Mon, Tues, Wed, Thur, Sat'
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... This position will be part of the Corporate Information Security Team focused on security governance and assurance. Specifically, this role will work with security leaders and business stakeholders to drive the security governance framework, facilitate adoption of security controls and standards and provide situational awareness to stakeholders regarding security risk management efforts. Candidate must be able to work independently with minimal supervision, interact effectively with IT, security, and business leaders, and apply sound information security risk management practices.  This role is responsible for actively assisting teams responsible for building, operating, and managing information assets to effectively manage their information security risks. Responsibilities will include: Effectively navigate diverse perspectives and promote an inclusive and collaborative environment to realize beneficial security governance solutions.Facilitate security governance conversations with diverse security, IT and business stakeholders and help ensure positive and deliberate outcomes.Manage project tasks with urgency and purpose to allow for swift movement in developing governance related initiatives.Assimilate complex qualitative and quantitative sources of security governance frameworks and provide recommendations that solve security governance related challenges.Actively participate in developing security governance framework materials (policies, controls, standards) to drive consistent security risk treatment across the enterprise.Deliver and report key metrics to provide stakeholders situational awareness regarding enterprise control and standards adoption.Consistently deliver high quality work products that fully address the criteria for which they were intended, requires minimal modification.Decompose complex security processes and solutions to identify relevant risk areas, potential control points, and provide sound recommendations for risk treatment.As a contributor, takes ownership for assigned areas of responsibility and effectively manages work load to meet team deadlines.Clearly and concisely communicates in written form and verbally to leadership and executives.Project confidence, poise and competence under pressure while interacting with team members, partners and IT liaisons.What we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Four or more years of relevant work experience.Experience in Information Security, Technology, IT Operations, or Security Risk Management. Even better if you have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Information Systems, Technology or related field.Certifications: CRISC, PMP, CISSP, CISM.Knowledge of emerging technology and the security governance implications.Demonstrated understanding of cyber security risk management concepts, cybersecurity frameworks, control standards, secure coding principles, and security technologies.Knowledge of information security fundamentals, best practices and industry standards with prior responsibilities of protecting information assets.Solid understanding of Verizon business operations and knowledge of the foundational technologies used across environments.Proven expertise in security risk management while considering business drivers and implications.Experience preparing and providing executive level statuses and presentations using MS PowerPoint, Visio and Excel. Prior experience producing reference documentation for technical or business reference.Experience with ISO 27001-2, NIST 800-53, or other frameworks.Effective interpersonal skills and the ability to thrive in a team environment.Ability to develop creative and innovative solution to complex business issues.Ability to balance various projects simultaneously.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Excellent documentation and organizational skills. #cybersecurityerp When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b"Job Description:Tax Manager- Private Client ServicesEdison, NJFull TimeAre you seeking the opportunity to develop your talent into a meaningful career with a firm that enables you to do more, to learn more and grow faster? If so, we have the answer!Mazars USA LLP is growing nationally and internationally, and you can be part of it!Mazars USA LLP office in New Jersey is seeking high performing Tax Managers who are as passionate about providing meaningful insight to businesses and individuals as they are about investing in their own professional growth. Our ambition is to transform today's high performers into tomorrow's leaders through on-the-job training, continued professional education, in-house development programs and customized training where appropriate.As a Tax Manager, you will be responsible for providing the highest levels of client service working with staff accountants,Seniors and Partners as well as interacting with clients in a range of markets and industries.You will be required to:Review complex individual income tax returnsReview gift, estate, and fiduciary income tax returnsRespond to federal and state tax noticesPlan Engagements, organization and delegation to maximize efficiency & effectiveness, achieve quality goals, maintain productivity, and maximize realizationPerform research using CCH Intelliconnect, RIA Checkpoint and/or BNA.Manage client assignments and assure timely filing of all related tax returnsDevelop outside relationships with a goal of fostering business development opportunities through involvement in leadership roles in professional groups, community service, and personal relationships with other professional advisors such as attorneys, investment advisors, insurance advisors, private bankers, etc.JOB REQUIREMENTS:Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s Degree in AccountingCPA or EAAdvanced tax degree or JD is a plus5-9 years of relevant tax experience in public accountingKnowledge of fiduciary and estate tax planning and complianceExperience servicing High Net Worth individual clients & their related entities, businesses, & families while working with their various professional advisors (attorneys, estate planners, investment advisors, insurance advisors, etc)Excellent communication skills (oral/written), organizational and interpersonal skills, and attention to detailStrong project management and analytical skillsStrong leadership, training, mentoring and staff development skillsProfessionalism, dependability, integrity and trustworthiness combined with a team mentality"
b'The Company Formerly known as John Deere Landscapes, SiteOne Landscape Supply is the largest and only national wholesale distributor of landscaping products in the United States and Canada. We have a long history of serving residential and commercial landscape professionals who specialize in the design, installation and maintenance of lawns, gardens, golf courses and other outdoor spaces.  Through our network of over 460 stores across 44 states and five provinces, we offer a comprehensive selection of more than 90,000 products including irrigation supplies, fertilizer and control products, nursery goods, hardscapes, landscape lighting, drainage and erosion control products, tools, and other landscaping accessories and supplies. With a world-class team of over 2,700 industry experts, we also provide industry- leading complementary services and business assistance to support our product offering and to help our customers operate and grow their businesses; all tailored to meet each customer\'s specific needs.  Watch Our Brand Anthem Video: https://www.siteone.com/home/brandanthem.aspx  At SiteOne, we are committed to five key business objectives: Be a great place to work for our associates.Deliver superior quality, service and value to our customers.Be the distributor of choice for our suppliers.Achieve industry-leading financial performance and growth for our shareholders.Be a good neighbor in our communities. By leveraging the strength and capabilities of a large company with the passion, drive, experience and commitment of our talented local teams - we can consistently achieve these objectives and make our customers the most successful professionals in the Green Industry. We know our customer\'s business better than anyone in our industry and together with our customers and suppliers, we can achieve exceptional success. The Role - Yard AssociateThe Location - Branchburg, NJPURPOSE: Serve customers with passion - obsessed with their success - and consistently deliver the best overall customer experience possible. Use knowledge of the products, of SiteOne capabilities and of our customer\'s needs to provide proactive assistance and creative solutions that help the customers be successful with SiteOne as their partner. KEY FACTORS FOR SUCCESS: 1. Be a Team Player: A reliable teammate with a "can do" attitude who assists with all store tasks including, but not limited to, deliveries, cycle counts, inventory spot counts and the end of day process.Builds trust, mutual respect and transparency with other associates on the team and contributes positive ideas and creative solutions to make the team betterCoach and assist less experienced staff in exceeding customer service and store performance expectations 2. Deliver Customer Value: Proactively probe customers to understand their needs and be the best at exceeding the expectations of our customers in terms of product, service and partnershipUnyielding belief in our products, services and partnership capabilities; know the needs of customers and provide simple, but creative solutionsDevelop strong personal relationships with customers in order to gain trust, valuable feedback and discover unmet needs 3. Achieve Performance, Growth and Safety Results Work safely and proactively identify potential safety concerns; assist with developing and implementing solutions and promoting safe behaviors amongst the teamHelp maintain the cleanliness of the store, keeping it neat, organized and safe at all timesProactively identify and capitalizes on opportunities to grow sales with current and potential customersAssist with merchandising products and managing inventory to ensure we have what our customers want, when they need itContribute strongly to the overall performance and growth of the store and achievement of excellence for all stakeholders 4. Drive Continuous Improvement Embrace change and proactively raise new ideas to improve the performance of the store and areaChampion and/or play a lead role on major store improvement initiatives 5. Build Business Acumen Develop deep product knowledge in one or more lines of business while having a strong understanding of all store product lines. Know our customers, our services, our partnership capabilities and our competition. Product Knowledge should include product capabilities and performance, end use and applicationsCommit to continuous learning and capitalize on all training and development opportunities in order to grow professionallySKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE:Understands principles of excellent communication, negotiation, conflict resolution and customer service skillsConsistent attention to detail, sense of urgency and problem solverAbility to think quickly and make decisionsGood understanding of managing product inventoryGood understanding of various department specific computer programsUnderstands principles of nursery, irrigation and landscape productsEDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:High School or secondary diploma or equivalent preferredExperience in retail nursery and irrigation industry a plusWholesale distribution experience a plusBENEFITS:401k with company matchMedical, Dental, and Vision plansCompany-paid Life InsuranceOptional Life InsuranceCompany-paid Short Term Disability InsuranceCompany-paid Long Term Disability InsuranceFlexible Spending AccountsPaid Time OffTuition ReimbursementPaid HolidaysProduct DiscountsCompetitive CompensationOpportunities for advancementWORKING CONDITIONSThis position requires long periods of standing and candidate must be able to lift 50 lbs. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS NOT INTENDED TO BE AN EXHAUSTIVE LIST OF ALL RESPONSIBILITIES, DUTIES AND QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED OF INDIVIDUALS PERFORMING THE JOB. THE QUALIFICATIONS DETAILED IN THIS JOB DESCRIPTION ARE NOT CONSIDERED THE MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS NECESSARY TO PERFORM THE JOB, BUT RATHER AS GUIDELINES. THEY MAY VARY FROM POSITION TO POSITION.'
b" OverviewReporting to the Data Stewardship Supervisor, the Temporary Part Time Data Entry Clerk is responsible for researching, entering and maintaining biographical data in Advance, a comprehensive advancement services system for alumni and donor information.ResponsibilitiesThe Temporary Part Time Data Entry Clerk provides data integrity, accurate and timely data entry of biographical updates, analyzes data requirements and gaps, conducts research for new contact and biographic information using web tools and internet, codes and maintains records in accordance with department policies and procedures. Must have strong customer service, teamwork and communication skills, and is expected to participate in team building exercises and staff meetings. Will share ideas, communicate encountered problems that impact workflow and communicate processing delays/issues to the supervisor.QualificationsMust be able to work 5 hour shifts, Monday through Friday, during regular business hours of 8:30 AM to 5:00 PM. Requires a bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Strong use of computer systems and the internet is required; highly detail oriented with a critical degree of accuracy regarding data entry; good interpersonal and organizational skills; ability to prioritize work and to perform multiple tasks simultaneously while adhering to deadlines; ability to take responsibility, to work well as a team member and to work independently; ability to understand and follow directions; ability to deal with confidential data.About UsCreated in 1973, the Rutgers University Foundation advances Rutgers' pursuit of excellence in education, research, and public service. The Foundation provides the bridge between donors and the schools, programs, faculty, and students that make up the University. The Foundation helps to match caring people with satisfying and meaningful opportunities to make gifts that have an impact on Rutgers. Founded in 1766, Rutgers is the eighth oldest institution of higher education in the nation. Today, Rutgers, a member of the Association of American Universities, is New Jersey's premier public research institution and flagship state university. More than 100 majors offer students vast opportunities. On July 1, 2014, Rutgers University joined The Big Ten Conference of world-class universities whose member institutions share a common mission of research, graduate, professional and undergraduate teaching and public service. The Foundation is a 501(c) (3) tax-exempt organization. Our sole mission is to support Rutgers University.CompensationIt is Foundation policy to provide equal employment opportunity to all its employees and applicants for employment regardless of their race, creed, color, national origin, age, ancestry, nationality, marital or domestic partnership or civil union status, sex, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, disability status, liability for military service, protected veteran status, affectional or sexual orientation, atypical cellular or blood trait, genetic information (including the refusal to submit to genetic testing), or any other category protected by law. As an institution, we value diversity of background and opinion, and prohibit discrimination or harassment on the basis of any legally protected class in the areas of hiring, recruitment, promotion, transfer, demotion, training, compensation, pay, fringe benefits, layoff, termination or any other terms and conditions of employment."
b"NOW HIRING PART-TIME TEACHERS \xe2\x80\x93 ALL SUBJECT AREAS AND EXAM PREP!IMMEDIATE PART-TIME OPENINGS IN YOUR AREA!Since 1977, Huntington has been changing the lives of children. As a leader in the tutoring and test prep industry, our success is attributed not only to our highly acclaimed instructional programs, but to the amazing teams of qualified and devoted professionals who commit themselves to helping students achieve success in school each and every day.At Huntington, we are eager to continue to build our teams! We seek to hire the best, most talented professionals into our organization. If you are a qualified, caring and dedicated teaching professional, interested in spending your time working directly with students, we'll give you the opportunity to do what you love to do - TEACH!The Opportunity:Work with students in a 1 to 1 setting, or a small group up to 4There are no lesson plans to write or homework assignments to grade!Flexible, part-time hours \xe2\x80\x93 afternoon, evening, weekend and summerCompetitive hourly rate and paid trainingProfessional development opportunitiesRequirements include: 4 year degree requiredCertification/license strongly preferred, but not requiredAll experience levels are welcome to apply \xe2\x80\x93 recent grads, current teachers & retired professionalsCenter locations include:New Jersey: Brick, Bridgewater, East Brunswick, Edison, Englewood, Livingston, Manalapan, Middletown, Morristown, Ridgewood, Springfield, Verona, Wayne and Westwood.New York: (Long Island) Baldwin, Bay Shore, Carle Place, East Northport, Lynbrook, Manhasset, Massapequa, Patchogue, Plainview, and Smithtown; (NYC Boroughs) Manhattan, Brooklyn, Bronx, Queens, and Staten Island; (Westchester/Rockland) Scarsdale, Hartsdale, Yorktown, and Nanuet.Interested in applying?Enhance your resume with experience that is highly respected in the field of education. If you meet the above requirements and are interested in applying, send your resume to the link provided.We have additional locations throughout the Tri-State AreaFor more information, visit our website at HuntingtonHelps.com."
b"Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled If youre looking to jump-start your career with a clear path to advancement, then the Enterprise Management Training Program is for you. Whether you see yourself in sales, business development, customer service or operations, this program will prepare you to create your ideal career. As a Management Trainee, you can count on a defined career trajectory with a clear beginning and an open end meaning you can take your training and shape your future. And with our promote-from-within philosophy, you will have plenty of opportunities to advance without ever having to change companies.  This role would be located in one of our offices in Middlesex County, NJ and offers a targeted annual compensation of $49,300.Responsibilities:As a Management Trainee, youll start learning our business from day one while based out of one of our neighborhood branches. You will be entrusted to serve as both the face of Enterprise to customers and partners and the behind-the-scenes operational expert. In our structured program, you will master the knowledge and skills you need to eventually run your own branch, cultivate new business and develop your team.  In our hands-on learning environment, you will receive the guidance, mentoring, and support you need to be successful. You will also get out into the community and establish the relationships essential to building your own business.  Well teach you how to excel at customer service, sales and marketing, finance, and operations. And youll learn what it means to always put our customers first. Ours is a culture of friendly competition, which is critical to growing our business and your success.Qualifications:Bachelor's degree required.Must be at least 18 years old.The ability to operate a motor vehicle is an essential function of this position. Applicants must have a valid, unrestricted driver's license.Must be living within a reasonable commute of no more than 1 hour to the location(s) you are applying to within 30 days of anticipated start date.Must be authorized to work in the United States and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future.Aside from religious observations, must be available to work an average of 48 hours per week."
b' Company Tanker Truck Drivers Can Make Up to $78K per Year Driving Regionally!  Interested candidates should apply to the Philidelphia Location Loads of Work: Company Tank Truck Drivers can earn up to 78k per year  52 cpm loaded and 48 cpm empty  Haul Chemicals out of Philadelphia and New Jersey  Many freight lanes east of the Mississippi  Average Time Out 7 - 10 days  Flexible time at home (Average of 2-3 days based upon length of time out)  Average 2500 miles a week  Park location - Bristol PA  Trimac Offers  Weekly Direct Deposit  Generous Product Line Training Pay  Medical, Dental, and Vision  Matching 401(K)  Reimbursements on Trucking School Tuition, TWIC & Passport  Trimac Safety Commitment  We make Safety a part of every decision  We make Safety personal  We have the courage to intervene Requirements: 1 year verifiable Tractor Trailer Experience, or Military Driving Experience; You served our country faithfully, now come join us in serving you and take advantage of your skills and let\xe2\x80\x99s continue serving together. Please visit our Military Transport Path page.  \xe2\x80\x8bGood Driving Record  Trimac Transportation is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to employment equity.  We value a diverse workforce and are committed to hiring practices that are fair and equitable. Walk- ins Welcome and encouraged: Apply in person Monday - Friday 8am to 4pm or call to schedule an appointment.  The branch can be located at: 3500 New Falls Road Bristol, PA 19007  Trimac, the premier provider of bulk transportation services, specializes in the safe, timely transport of chemicals, industrial gas, dry bulk and other tanker freight. Trimac has career opportunities for safety-minded company drivers and owner operators. From local and dedicated, to regional and OTR, Trimac offers a variety of opportunities to meet your needs. With industry-leading pay, extensive benefits and quality home time, you\xe2\x80\x99ll find a long-lasting career with Trimac. We offer the best paid training in the industry! Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a recent CDL school graduate, a former military service member or an experienced driver, Trimac Transportation has the perfect career opportunity for you!'
b'Company Overview For more than 100 years, we\xe2\x80\x99ve been a leader in global infrastructure solutions with a focus on planning, design, technology, and construction management services for a diverse array of markets and disciplines. Across more than 60 offices, 2,000+ highly qualified professionals are united in an unyielding commitment to deliver excellence to every client and every project, every day.  Excellence Delivered As Promised. It\xe2\x80\x99s more than a slogan. It\xe2\x80\x99s our standard. It\xe2\x80\x99s the expectation we place upon ourselves as individuals and as a company. It represents our commitment to our valued clients, industry partners, and employees. It\xe2\x80\x99s our earnest pledge to do what we say. It\xe2\x80\x99s the core of who we are as a firm and the foundation upon which all of our relationships and projects are built. What You Will Do Gannett Fleming is hiring an entry level Highway Designer/Engineer to join our Piscataway, NJ team. In this role, you will have the opportunity to grow and collaborate with experienced project managers and engineers responsible for providing roadway design and construction-phase services for a wide variety of projects, including roadway and intersection improvements, drainage and grading improvements, toll facilities, and highways and interchanges.  Responsibilities: Engineering analysis and design/checking design calculationsTechnical report writingPerform engineering design tasks for roadway projects from preliminary to final design, including horizontal and vertical alignment, roadway cross sections, traffic control, etc.Develop specifications, cost estimates, and prepare final bid packagesField inspections of existing or under construction project sitesRun models, CAD, and design softwareMinimum QualificationsRecent or upcoming graduate of a 4-year Civil Engineering degree programA focus or coursework related to roadway, transportation, or drainage preferredHands on experience with engineering software such as Microstation/InRoads and/or AutoCADStrong written and oral communications skillsPreferred QualificationsEngineer-In-Training (EIT)Prior engineering related internships or similar experience; will consider up to 4 years of experienceLife at Gannett Fleming At Gannett Fleming, we believe in improving the lives of the people we serve. We believe in innovation and social responsibility. We believe in the diversity of our team and the creative solutions they provide. We believe in embracing change and emerging technologies while maintaining an unmatched standard of quality. We believe in creating an environment where employees can thrive at home and at work. We believe in engaging our employees, building lasting relationships with our clients, and, in turn, making a difference in the world.  Gannett Fleming is an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Employer, including veterans and disability status. Gannett Fleming Inc. will not sponsor an employment visa (e.g., H-1B visa), including any visa renewal during employment, for any candidate for this position. No relocation assistance will be provided for this position. Local residents will be given preference. NO AGENCIES PLEASE: Unsolicited resumes from third party agencies will not be accepted. Location: Piscataway, NJ  Working Hours: 8 AM \xe2\x80\x93 5 PM  Employment Status: Full-Time  Internal Requisition ID: 2018-4783'
b'USA TODAY NETWORK SALES EXECUTIVE Come join The USA TODAY NETWORK! Not only are we the nation\xe2\x80\x99s trusted news source on a local to national level, we are a digital advertising organization with a mission to help local businesses and national brands reach their audiences to grow and thrive. \xc2\xa0 The\xc2\xa0 Account Executive role requires a highly personable, intelligent individual with the ability to lead digitally focused sales efforts while maintaining an energetic, strategic and entrepreneurial spirit. As a USA TODAY NETWORK Account Executive, you\xe2\x80\x99ll partner with clients to provide a broad set of solutions to include:  Search Engine Marketing (PPC)  Reach Local\xe2\x80\x99s Edge Solution  Display Advertising (Banner Advertising)  Web Presence Optimization, including services for Organic Search, Social Media Marketing and Reputation Management  A wide range of business services, including Online Chat, Video Production, and Analytics  Immerging technology such as Virtual and Augmented Reality  Print Advertising When our clients are happy, so are we! We are dedicated to helping our clients grow based on their unique needs. How?\xc2\xa0As an Advertising Account Executive you will: Be equipped with the region\xe2\x80\x99s best marketing services and solutions, empowering you to deliver unparalleled results to your customers.  Develop partnerships with large local businesses and assist them in reaching their goals through integrated marketing plans and comprehensive media solutions.  Identify customer needs to develop and execute account plans and custom client solutions that differentiate USA TODAY NETWORK from competitors.  Be aligned to a focused level of accounts allowing concentrated time and resource investment to premier clients.  Leverage multiple USA TODAY NETWORK resources and partners to develop optimal client solutions across our suite of products, with an emphasis on digital. What you need to do to be successful in this role:\xc2\xa0 Pursue and close new business and revenue streams  Retain, manage, and grow clients in the ever-changing digital landscape  Work within a team to manage the client relationship and retain and build account revenue  Articulate and present our suite of products to business decision makers  Communicate with customers proactively via phone, email and in person  Conduct face-to-face customer meetings, presentations, proposals and demonstrations  Manage a specified sales pipeline and develop a strategy for long-term sustained success  Conduct client check-ins, upsell/cross-sell accounts, and address client market share concerns  Utilize CRM (Salesforce) effectively and efficiently recording all sales activity What you bring to the table: 2+ years\xe2\x80\x99 experience in a high acquisition, consultative, B2B sales role  Aptitude or acumen for\xc2\xa0Digital Marketing  Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or equivalent practical experience  Competitive spirit  Understanding of the online advertising industry  Problem solver who thrives on challenges and can simplify the complex  Effective communication skills and the ability to present comprehensive solutions via multiple forms to prospects  Willingness to continuously learn, try new things and adapt to change  PC Skill, Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and CRM database \xc2\xa0About USA TODAY NETWORK: The USA TODAY NETWORK is the largest local to national media network in the country. Powered by integrated and award-winning news organizations with deep roots in over 100 local communities, plus USA TODAY, the multi-platform\xc2\xa0news network informs and engages more than 100 million people every month through its diverse portfolio of digital, mobile, and publishing products. To connect with us, visit\xc2\xa0http://www.gannett.com\xc2\xa0#LI-PR1 Gannett Co., Inc. (NYSE: GCI) is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are a drug free, EEO employer committed to a diverse workforce. We will consider all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity, family responsibilities, disability, education, political affiliation or veteran status. '
b"Market Research InterviewerMoncton, NB Part-TimeSummary Operating since 1944, Numeris is Canada's most trusted source for TV and radio broadcast measurement and consumer behaviour data. TV and radio stations count on insight from audience members to determine what programs to air and what programs to cancel. Join our Enumeration department recruiting households to participate in our upcoming surveys, and be part of shaping the future of Canadian broadcasting. What You Will Do Coming from a strong sales background, you will be conducting surveys via telephone using persuasive communication skills to encourage participation in Numeris' ratings research.  The Market Research Interviewer role requires multi-tasking skills, adherence to firm targets, and reliable attendance for scheduled shifts. In return Numeris offers a competitive starting wage with an internal monthly reward system, a comprehensive benefits package, and a friendly environment where you will be able to showcase your skills and develop professionally. Scheduling & AvailabilityPart Time, Evenings/Weekends, permanent and contract positions availablePermanent positions must be available to work a minimum of 4 shifts/weekPreference will be given to those able to work 2 shifts  between Monday \xe2\x80\x93 Thursday & 2 shifts between Friday \xe2\x80\x93 SundayHours of operation are as follows: Monday - 6pm-1amTuesday - 6pm-1amWednesday - 6pm-1amThursday - 6pm-1amFriday - 6pm-1amSaturday - 10am-12amSunday - 12pm-12amWhat We Are Looking ForStrong communication and active listening skillsPersuasive speaking and negotiation skillsSelf-motivated to meet performance goalsPrevious telemarketing, market research, or customer service experienceEnthusiastic individuals who are able to maintain engagement throughout phone interviewsIntermediate computer & keyboarding skills, with a high level of accuracyMust have completed Grade 11Fluency in French, Cantonese, and Mandarin is an asset, but not requiredValues Integrity, Accountability, Collaboration, Innovation, Customer Centricity Numeris is an equal opportunity employer We are committed to inclusive, barrier-free recruitment and selection processes and work environments. If you are contacted for a job opportunity, please advise the Human Resources department if any accommodations are needed to ensure you have access to a fair and equitable process. Any information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially."
b'Certified Nursing Assistant$1,000 Sign On Bonus! Chatham Hills Subacute Care Center, a 108-bed Skilling Nursing facility, enjoys a premier reputation for excellence of care. Today, under new ownership, we are creating an inimitable, revitalizing Rehabilitation Environment to provide the short term patient with a luxurious, five-star experience that meets and exceeds all expectations. Duties Include:Assist residents with Activities of Daily Living (Bathing, feeding, toileting, dressing, etc)Assist residents with dental care, nail care, hair care, etcAssure residents are kept dry to avoid breakdown. Bedbound residents need turned and positioned every 2 hours.Obtain residents current weight when instructed.Serve food trays to residents and documenting food/fluid intake and output in residents medical record.Inventory and mark all residents possessionsMake residents beds and keep room neat and tidy.Maintain confidentiality with resident information.Assure resident privacy at all times.Requirements/Qualifications:Current and valid NJ CNA. certificationExperience with Subacute unitExcellent communication skillsExperience in LTC preferred but not requiredPositive attitude and team mentalityLocation of Facility:Chatham, NJWe Offer the Following:401kCompetitive Compensation and Benefits packageSign On BonusProfessional Growth PotentialEmployee Discounts to parks and attractionsPositions Available:All Shifts: 7-3, 3-11, and 11-7Chatham Hills Subacute Care Center is an Equal Opportunity Employer'
b" Owner Operator Tanker Truck Drivers Can Earn Up To $208,000 Per Year (Gross) Running Regional  (Apply to Philadelphia location)  Loads of Work  Drive Your Revenue by Hauling Chemicals  Mileage Pay is $1.54 loaded and $1.10 empty + Fuel Surcharge Based upon National DOE average  2500 + miles per week  Trimac will supply Owner Operator with a Pump and Compressor & Installation- NO COST TO OWNER  Omnitrac System installation- NO COST TO OWNER  Referral Bonus  Independence and Flexibility  As a Trimac Owner Operator, you'll have choices and unprecedented support you've never had before:  No forced dispatch  No Start Up Equipment Cost  Business Discount Advantages  Pay less for fuel, tires, and more through Trimac\xe2\x80\x99s Business to Business Discounts.  Fuel discounts with major truck stops: Love\xe2\x80\x99s, Flying J, and Pilot.  National account tire pricing on the brands you know and like.  Discounts on parts and service.  Trimac: Safety is our Core Value  We make Safety a part of every decision  We make Safety personal  We have the courage to intervene Requirements: Hazmat/Tanker/TWIC  1 year verifiable tractor trailer experience  No previous driving record involving consumption of illegal or intoxicating substances in the past 10 years  Not involved in a major preventable accident in the past 3 years  No more than 2 highway convictions in the past 2 years  Trimac Transportation is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to employment equity.  We value a diverse workforce and are committed to hiring practices that are fair and equitable. Walk-Ins Welcomed and Encouraged: Apply in person Monday -Friday 8am to 4pm or call to schedule an appointment.  3500 New Falls Road, Bristol, PA 19807"
b"Friends of Cyrus Adult In-HomeDirect Support ProfessionalJob DescriptionPurposeFriends of Cyrus is looking for dedicated, enthusiastic, creative and experienced professional to provide direct support to individuals with developmental disabilities. Our participants are looking for support with activities of daily living as well as well as assistance with community participation.Friends of Cyrus is looking to fill part-time and full-time positions in your area with the following available shifts:Monday to Friday 9 am to 5 pmMonday to Friday 4 pm to 9 pmSaturday and Sunday 10 am to 6 pmBetween 15 and 40 Hours available per week(schedule may vary by assignment and client need)ResponsibilitiesThe Direct Support Professional is responsible to provide 1:1 support to individuals with developmental disabilities at home and or in the community. The behavior support professional will provide assistance in helping our individuals maintain/increase independence, dignity, privacy, choice, and individuality.Complete required trainingFoster and support a safe, positive, supportive and nurturing work environmentAttend scheduled meetings to discuss client progress goals and individual performanceAttend training on, and implement behavior support plans as neededSupport individuals in developing and meeting their service plan goalsAccurate and timely completion of timesheets and service logsEducation RequirementsHigh school diploma (minimum requirement)Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree (Preferred)Training and Other RequirementsValid Driver\xe2\x80\x99s LicenseMinimum 1 year of Human Service ExperienceExperience with personal Care (toileting, bathing)Experience with behavior support (managing aggression/self-injury, elopement)Professional writing and verbal communicationDDD Shifting ExpectationsPrevention of Abuse, Neglect & ExploitationDDD Life-Threatening Emergencies (Danielle's Law)Additional specialized training(Free training will be facilitated by Friends of Cyrus based on need/assignment)Essential physical/sensory demands and travel involved with position(See below for list of frequent job-related demands)Standing; Walking; Lifting; Carrying; Pushing / Pulling; Bending; Reaching; Visual;Hearing; Speaking; Running; Driving; Use of personal vehicleWorking conditionsPrivate residence and/or community-basedPlease send resume through IndeedContact: 732-770-7440"
b' Provides a high level of support services for the professional nursing staff and the routine functions of patient care under the direction of the professional nurse.# Requires a high school diploma or equivalent. Two years of college and six months experience or Bachelors degree in lieu of experience preferred. College study focus in psychology, sociology, nursing or related field or equivalent education. All positions include an every other weekend work requirement.# 14:45-23:45 Week 1: Sun, Mon, Wed, Thur, Fri Week 2: Mon, Tues, Wed, Thur, Sat'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b'The Company Formerly known as John Deere Landscapes, SiteOne Landscape Supply is the largest and only national wholesale distributor of landscaping products in the United States and Canada. We have a long history of serving residential and commercial landscape professionals who specialize in the design, installation and maintenance of lawns, gardens, golf courses and other outdoor spaces.  Through our network of over 460 stores across 44 states and five provinces, we offer a comprehensive selection of more than 90,000 products including irrigation supplies, fertilizer and control products, nursery goods, hardscapes, landscape lighting, drainage and erosion control products, tools, and other landscaping accessories and supplies. With a world-class team of over 2,700 industry experts, we also provide industry- leading complementary services and business assistance to support our product offering and to help our customers operate and grow their businesses; all tailored to meet each customer\'s specific needs.  Watch Our Brand Anthem Video: https://www.siteone.com/home/brandanthem.aspx  At SiteOne, we are committed to five key business objectives: Be a great place to work for our associates.Deliver superior quality, service and value to our customers.Be the distributor of choice for our suppliers.Achieve industry-leading financial performance and growth for our shareholders.Be a good neighbor in our communities. By leveraging the strength and capabilities of a large company with the passion, drive, experience and commitment of our talented local teams - we can consistently achieve these objectives and make our customers the most successful professionals in the Green Industry. We know our customer\'s business better than anyone in our industry and together with our customers and suppliers, we can achieve exceptional success. The Role - Yard AssociateThe Location - Branchburg, NJPURPOSE: Serve customers with passion - obsessed with their success - and consistently deliver the best overall customer experience possible. Use knowledge of the products, of SiteOne capabilities and of our customer\'s needs to provide proactive assistance and creative solutions that help the customers be successful with SiteOne as their partner. KEY FACTORS FOR SUCCESS: 1. Be a Team Player: A reliable teammate with a "can do" attitude who assists with all store tasks including, but not limited to, deliveries, cycle counts, inventory spot counts and the end of day process.Builds trust, mutual respect and transparency with other associates on the team and contributes positive ideas and creative solutions to make the team betterCoach and assist less experienced staff in exceeding customer service and store performance expectations 2. Deliver Customer Value: Proactively probe customers to understand their needs and be the best at exceeding the expectations of our customers in terms of product, service and partnershipUnyielding belief in our products, services and partnership capabilities; know the needs of customers and provide simple, but creative solutionsDevelop strong personal relationships with customers in order to gain trust, valuable feedback and discover unmet needs 3. Achieve Performance, Growth and Safety Results Work safely and proactively identify potential safety concerns; assist with developing and implementing solutions and promoting safe behaviors amongst the teamHelp maintain the cleanliness of the store, keeping it neat, organized and safe at all timesProactively identify and capitalizes on opportunities to grow sales with current and potential customersAssist with merchandising products and managing inventory to ensure we have what our customers want, when they need itContribute strongly to the overall performance and growth of the store and achievement of excellence for all stakeholders 4. Drive Continuous Improvement Embrace change and proactively raise new ideas to improve the performance of the store and areaChampion and/or play a lead role on major store improvement initiatives 5. Build Business Acumen Develop deep product knowledge in one or more lines of business while having a strong understanding of all store product lines. Know our customers, our services, our partnership capabilities and our competition. Product Knowledge should include product capabilities and performance, end use and applicationsCommit to continuous learning and capitalize on all training and development opportunities in order to grow professionallySKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE:Understands principles of excellent communication, negotiation, conflict resolution and customer service skillsConsistent attention to detail, sense of urgency and problem solverAbility to think quickly and make decisionsGood understanding of managing product inventoryGood understanding of various department specific computer programsUnderstands principles of nursery, irrigation and landscape productsEDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:High School or secondary diploma or equivalent preferredExperience in retail nursery and irrigation industry a plusWholesale distribution experience a plusBENEFITS:401k with company matchMedical, Dental, and Vision plansCompany-paid Life InsuranceOptional Life InsuranceCompany-paid Short Term Disability InsuranceCompany-paid Long Term Disability InsuranceFlexible Spending AccountsPaid Time OffTuition ReimbursementPaid HolidaysProduct DiscountsCompetitive CompensationOpportunities for advancementWORKING CONDITIONSThis position requires long periods of standing and candidate must be able to lift 50 lbs. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS NOT INTENDED TO BE AN EXHAUSTIVE LIST OF ALL RESPONSIBILITIES, DUTIES AND QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED OF INDIVIDUALS PERFORMING THE JOB. THE QUALIFICATIONS DETAILED IN THIS JOB DESCRIPTION ARE NOT CONSIDERED THE MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS NECESSARY TO PERFORM THE JOB, BUT RATHER AS GUIDELINES. THEY MAY VARY FROM POSITION TO POSITION.'
b"NOW HIRING PART-TIME TEACHERS \xe2\x80\x93 ALL SUBJECT AREAS AND EXAM PREP!IMMEDIATE PART-TIME OPENINGS IN YOUR AREA!Since 1977, Huntington has been changing the lives of children. As a leader in the tutoring and test prep industry, our success is attributed not only to our highly acclaimed instructional programs, but to the amazing teams of qualified and devoted professionals who commit themselves to helping students achieve success in school each and every day.At Huntington, we are eager to continue to build our teams! We seek to hire the best, most talented professionals into our organization. If you are a qualified, caring and dedicated teaching professional, interested in spending your time working directly with students, we'll give you the opportunity to do what you love to do - TEACH!The Opportunity:Work with students in a 1 to 1 setting, or a small group up to 4There are no lesson plans to write or homework assignments to grade!Flexible, part-time hours \xe2\x80\x93 afternoon, evening, weekend and summerCompetitive hourly rate and paid trainingProfessional development opportunitiesRequirements include: 4 year degree requiredCertification/license strongly preferred, but not requiredAll experience levels are welcome to apply \xe2\x80\x93 recent grads, current teachers & retired professionalsCenter locations include:New Jersey: Brick, Bridgewater, East Brunswick, Edison, Englewood, Livingston, Manalapan, Middletown, Morristown, Ridgewood, Springfield, Verona, Wayne and Westwood.New York: (Long Island) Baldwin, Bay Shore, Carle Place, East Northport, Lynbrook, Manhasset, Massapequa, Patchogue, Plainview, and Smithtown; (NYC Boroughs) Manhattan, Brooklyn, Bronx, Queens, and Staten Island; (Westchester/Rockland) Scarsdale, Hartsdale, Yorktown, and Nanuet.Interested in applying?Enhance your resume with experience that is highly respected in the field of education. If you meet the above requirements and are interested in applying, send your resume to the link provided.We have additional locations throughout the Tri-State AreaFor more information, visit our website at HuntingtonHelps.com."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b"Home Reconstruction Project Manager A rapidly growing Construction, Real Estate, and Property Management Company seeks an experienced residential construction project manager. If you share a passion for working in a fast paced, rapid growth company committed to professional excellence, then we're interested in talking to you. Responsibilities: Manage all aspects of the re-construction of homes from design to coordination of schedules, inspections during various construction phases, monitoring permits, and daily oversight of subcontractors.  Develop project schedules, plan materials, and purchase orders, ensuring work is within project scope.  Responsible for obtaining sub-contractor estimates and bids, performing project buyouts, and managing subcontractors' progress against plan.  Schedule pre-construction site visits of all jobs that are under construction.  Oversee the construction schedule, budget and insure project is completed within deadline and budget. Qualifications Bachelor Degree in construction management or related field (preferred); or a combination of experience and education.  2 - 6 years experience in construction/building renovation.  Thorough knowledge of general construction with a good understanding of mechanical, electrical, plumbing.  Must be computer literate in Excel (or spreadsheet software), Word, Windows (creating folders, uploading documents). Familiar with Dropbox desirable.  Strong customer service background and skills in the home building industry.  Knowledge of construction practices and labor costs in construction, plus a good knowledge of the uses and costs of materials.  Ability to multi-task, which requires strong organizational skills, attention to detail and quality.  Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and have a process improvement oriented mindset.  Assure safety standards are used which comply with all company, local, City, State and Federal guidelines.  Solid understanding of local, state and federal building code requirements. Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and have a process improvement oriented mindsetUse independent judgment to analyze, troubleshoot and have repairs completed.Assure safety standards are used which comply with all company, local, City, State and Federal guidelinesSolid understanding of local, state and federal building code requirements IND1"
b'Here\xe2\x80\x99s what\xe2\x80\x99s possible for H&M DEPARTMENT MANAGERS:  Department Managers are responsible for a lot of things here at H&M. From typical managerial things such as sales maximization, customer service and department profitability to coaching teams within a department. And they\xe2\x80\x99re tasked to do it all according to H&M values, standards, policies and procedures. H&M culture, really. But most importantly, we ask our Department Managers to develop their teams. Think of this role as a manager-slash-mentor. Or mentor-slash-manager. Whichever you prefer. Just know that the only way we can become a better company is when we have talented people help unlock what\xe2\x80\x99s possible for everyone around them.  Title: Department Manager Function: Sales Department: Store Reports to: Store Manager Direct Reports: Department Supervisor, Sales Advisor(s)Overall Job Function: Responsible for sales, customer service and profitability of a department. Manages a team within a department according to H&M values, standards, policies and procedures and is responsible for all people development functions.Job Responsibility including but not limited to:With peopleOrganize and distribute the work of his/her staff, set priorities and keep an overview of the tasks to be accomplished in accordance with the StoreManagerManage, recruit, on board, train, develop and provide succession planning for the staff in the store in partnership with the Store ManagerCarry out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization\xe2\x80\x99s policies and applicable laws including approving time-off requests, pay, location or title changes; conducting terminations and corrective actions and making employment decisionsAssist the Store Manager in maintaining an overview of all Employee Relations responsibilities in the store to ensure a positive work environment Commerciality Take action within department to maximize sales through joint operational and commercial focus to obtain highest level of profitabilityProactively ensure your team has knowledge on all product, campaign,promotion, display guidelines and merchandise informationEnsure garment presentation, garment level and visual standards within the department are presented according to H&M\xe2\x80\x99s expectationsPlan and coordinate with the visual team on all activities concerning campaigns, promotions and sales activities in his/her department Operations Effectively schedule the staff within the department according to the needs and restrictions of the business and adjust hours as necessary to reach store and SPH goalsWork with sales and cost plans, budgets and other available tools to make business decisions to ensure maximum profitabilityResponsible for knowledge and completion of cash office operational functionsFollow and execute safety and security routines to prevent loss and guarantee employee and customer safetyMay be assigned overall store responsibility in absence of Store Manager Customer Service Maintain high-quality H&M direct and indirect customer service by providing the best shopping experience for each customer and role modeling the 5 basic demands on the selling floor, in the fitting room and at the cash point Financial Accountability: Assist Store Manager in establishing and overseeing sales and cost plans, budgets and variable costs for department; work with comparable sales from last year, sales to budget and future sales trends to maximize profitabilityAccurately record sales and worked hour figures Minimum Candidate Qualifications: High School graduate or equivalent. Associate\xe2\x80\x99s or Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s Degree preferredPreferably 2-3 years of retail management experience, including direct supervisory experience, or comparable management role experienceAbility to lift in excess of 20 poundsAbility to stand for long periods of time; bend, stretch, engage in repetitive motions, push; pull and carry items (mannequins, clothing, totes, torsos, etc.) for a short distanceAbility to climb a ladder and use a stepstool Competencies: Exceptional customer service and interpersonal skillsProven organizational and analytical skillsAbility to be proactive to drive sales by creating selling opportunitiesStrong merchandising skills with the ability to drive the business through creativity and extensive fashion knowledgeAbility to take own initiative and work under own directionAbility to work strategically, tactically and operationallyAble to multi-task in a fast paced environmentAbility to establish effective routines for excellent communication with all members of the team to maximize productivityAbility to provide feedback in a constructive and professional wayAbility to handle conflict and resolve problems constructivelyExperience in administrating progressive discipline process and performance managementBasic computer skills, such as browser navigation, software interaction and data entry are neededOpen availability including evenings and weekendsMinimal travel required as necessary (i.e.Workshops) Job Status: Non-Exempt, HourlyEEOC Classification: SLSApply'
b' ABC Supply, the nation\xe2\x80\x99s largest distributor of exterior building products, is seeking a motivated, experienced CDL Delivery Driver to join its team. ABC Supply has been the recipient of the Gallup Great Workplace Award for 11 consecutive years and is proud to be an employee-first company.  If you are a licensed CDL Driver who is looking for a rewarding, local opportunity with an established company, we want to hear from you! In this role, you will ensure the safety of each delivery from the moment you leave the facility until you have completed each job. Specific duties may include:Treating customers in a friendly and professional mannerConducting a safe work zone during each job siteAdhering to assigned delivery schedule and following all job directives preciselyDocumenting every step of each delivery by taking and uploading photos with our camera phone systemProviding warehouse support as neededCompleting a thorough load check on your truck before leaving the branch, ensuring that all delivery materials are firmly secured and all parts of your truck are in compliance with all federal, state, and local regulationsWorking in cooperation with the Delivery Material Handler to determine where to set the materials and unloading themCompleting and filing all logs and required government paperwork in a precise and timely mannerProviding the customer with an invoice on completion of each delivery and collecting the entire due amount on COD deliveriesThis position does not require over the road travelSpecific qualifications include:Valid CDL \xe2\x80\x93 Class A or BThe ability to lift 75-100 pounds repeatedly (your most common cargo will be 70 pound bundles of shingles)Pre-employment drug screen and random drug screens are requiredStraight, box and/or knuckle boom experience is preferredSemi tractor and trailer experience is preferredBenefits may include:Health, dental, and vision coverageEmployer paid life insuranceFlex spending401(k) with generous company matchPaid time offPaid holidaysEqual Opportunity Employer / Drug Free Workplace'
b' Supply Chain (with SAP APO)-SAP HANA Solutions ConsultantJob DescriptionThis role requires the candidate to participate in requirement analysis, requirement scoping, and SAP Solution Architecture & Design. Role requires providing the thought leadership with good knowledge of S/4HANA PP/DS and APO in general including industry trends, leading practices and on the basis of original research to customers. As part of the team, participant will be involved in developing proof of concepts in global environment with advances of available technology. Also, will play a lead role in consultingResponsibilities:Part of a Project Implementation Team as Supply ChainCandidate should have following skills: At least 13 years in SAP Supply Chain (Manufacturing Organization) with S/4HANA knowledgeHands on experience on S/4HANA PP/DS, SAP APO and supply chain Knowledge in Automotive sector.Knowledge of running Sales & Operational Planning (S&OP) processes.Good understanding of activating the CIF model and integration with other SAP modules.A very good hands on experience in SNP especially in Setting up SNP master data locations, product masters, resource and PDS, deployment indicators, priority tiers and sequence rules required for deployment, SNP Heuristics, optimizer and capable to match techniquesGood understanding of security compliance (data access, ownership tracking)Good understanding of logistics scenarios in automotive industry including inventory handling, inbound/ outbound delivery, shipment, and invoicing.Understanding of Warehouse Management processes to drive business blueprinting phaseAbility to manage requirement related to inventory management.Ability to drive Returns Management capabilityUnderstanding of requirements related to 3PL providers and their IT system'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" Broadridge is growing!We are currently recruiting for our Career Foundations Program to join our team in Newark, NJ.  As an associate in this dynamic program, you will gain business experience within the Global Technology Operations (GTO) business. You will be provided with the foundational knowledge to accelerate your career growth while building the organization's talent capabilities. You will spend time with our leaders in various functions including Software Development, Programming, Service Delivery, Conversions, Product Management, Business Process Operations and Professional Services, all while receiving invaluable mentorship throughout your career with Broadridge. In addition, you will engage in developmental activities inside and outside of Broadridge including senior management and departmental meetings, workshops and discussions, and associate networking events. You will have the opportunity to observe, participate and report on business processes and gain valuable insight on our best management practices. You will collaborate with fellow associates in the program to craft and deliver group presentations to the leadership teams. Our goal is to provide you with a comprehensive understanding of the business and a strong leadership foundation that will enable you to add to our success in providing extraordinary service to our clients.  This is a rare opportunity to learn from highly skilled financial services professionals who are subject matter connoisseurs in a variety of areas such as Wealth and Capital Markets, Professional Services and Consulting, Product Management, Fixed income, Technology, Collateral Management and more.Requirements New or recent college graduate with BA/BS in Business Management, Accounting, Marketing, Finance, Technology, Computer Science or other related fields.GPA: 3.2+Demonstrated prior work/leadership experiences.Strong interpersonal skills and an ability thrive in a team environment.Excellent time-management skills and flexibility.Thrives in a rapidly changing environment.Able to meet and exceed the demands of strict deadlines.Strong focus on productivity, quality and efficiency.Travel requirements vary by position.Broadridge partners with HireVue, an on-demand interviewing tool. If selected to move forward in the process, you will receive an invitation to complete your virtual interview."
b" ResponsibilitiesAs a massage therapist atthis Massage Envy franchised location,* essential duties include performing professional quality massage within scope of practice and licensing (as applicable) and in alignment with policies and protocols, utilizing approved modalities, in accordance with applicable law in your franchised location, designing specific sessions based on member\xe2\x80\x99s/guest\xe2\x80\x99s individual needs, and upholding the Massage Envy brand's core values of optimism, gratitude, excellence, consistency and empathy. Additional responsibilities include:Perform professional quality massage, within scope of practice and licensing (as applicable).Must follow all Massage Envy policies and protocols.Assists in the cleanliness of the location (therapy rooms and common areas).Utilizes Massage Envy approved modalities, in accordance with applicable law in your location.If performing hot stone, deep muscle or prenatal therapy, must have appropriate training and satisfy the minimum clinic education hours.Maintain professional appearance at all times.Design specific sessions based on member\xe2\x80\x99s/guest\xe2\x80\x99s individual needs.Assists in the promotion of the health and wellness benefits to clients receiving massage therapy on a regular basis; communicates various promotions to clients.Creates excellent member/guest experience through friendly and helpful attitude.Reliable, on time attendance. Attends all scheduled shifts, is prompt to work and works entire scheduled shift.Completes Wellness Chart documentation accurately and completely.Other duties as assigned.QualificationsEducation, Skills and Training:Minimum of 500 hours of massage therapy school and a certificate of completion.Participates in continuing education to improve effectiveness (preferred).Satisfactory results of background and reference check is a condition of employment in this position.Must adhere to all applicable local and state licensing laws and regulations related to the massage therapy services provided, including following any applicable law pertaining to maintaining current Massage License.Knowledge of and experience in performing Swedish and Deep Tissue Massage required, as well as knowledge of and experience in performing other modalities offered by Massage Envy.Understands and believes in the healing benefits of massage therapy and bodywork.Communications and Personal Interactions:Have a strong customer service orientation.Possess the ability to communicate effectively (orally and written) and in a courteous and professional manner on a regular basis with members, guests, co-workers and management.Maintain client confidentiality."
b'Who is Nestl\xc3\xa9 Waters? You know us primarily in as but we are so much more than that. Our water brands include Nestl\xc3\xa9 Pure Life, S. Pellegrino, Perrier and Acqua Panna, as well as 5 other regional spring water brands across the US. Our tea brand is Nestea. Our healthy hydration portfolio keeps hydrated and on the move. Our people are one of our biggest elements of our success. We are passionate about customer service, safety and environmental stewardship. Its what makes us tick.We figure that you knew all of that. Heres some things that you might not have known about us: our ReadyRefresh by Nestl\xc3\xa9 business is changing how people buy water and tea. Customers place orders from the comfort of their pajamas on their laptops or phones, and then delicious bottles of water or tea arrive at their doors, delivered by our army of ReadyRefresh Service Representatives (RSRs). We are super passionate about customer service. Each stop that one of our RSRs makes is a chance to delight our customers. Our RSRs develop relationships with the folks who get our products delivered to their homes or small businesses. Something else you might not know about ReadyRefresh is that we are a fiercely proud group. Not only are we proud to be a part of the Nestle family, we are proud to be leading the way in safety and team work.QualificationsWe are looking to add to our troop of RSRs. What does that mean to you and what will you need?Youll need a clean driving record.You need to be able to work in all kinds of weather while working out on your own with limited supervision.Servicing our customers is hard work, and you will need to be able to climb in and out of the truck and carry product that can weigh up to 45 pounds. You will get way more than your recommended 10,000 steps in a day, with plenty of water to keep you hydrated during the day.You must have the ability to obtain a DOT medical card for the purpose of working for Nestle WatersMost importantly, you need to have a professional image and demeanor. Well provide the cool uniform and truck.Other important stuff to know:A clean driving record means in the last 3 years, that youve only had 1 license, no driving-related suspension, revocation or cancellation, no disqualifying offenses, no more than 2 moving violations and no reckless driving incidents and in the last 7 years, no major driving offenses including DUI/DWI, refusal to test, leaving the scene, driving a commercial vehicle without a CDL, or at-fault fatal accident.Must be 21 years of age or older (DOT requirement)You can see additional details by reading our infographic, found here: https://goo.gl/sIu0Rq.You can also watch a short video about our RSRs here: http://bit.ly/28YqURk.Nestl\xc3\xa9 Waters North America is the nations leading bottled water company. With working for the worlds largest health, wellness and nutrition company comes exactly the kind of benefits youd expect: youll receive a competitive total rewards package something that will provide you with the support you need to thrive both inside and outside of work. Its not just the work that youll find fulfilling here though. As you build a career with us, youll receive outstanding support from a leading name in healthy hydration.The only question is, what elements will help you succeed at Nestl\xc3\xa9 Waters?The Nestl\xc3\xa9 Companies are equal employment and affirmative action employers and looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment.'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Watchung Square Mall  1511 Route 22 W  Watchung, NJ 07069 '
b'Summary/Objective The Service Advisor sells and schedules needed service work in the service department. Promote and attain dealership standards for superior workmanship.Essential FunctionsSchedules service appointments; obtains customer and vehicle data prior to arrival when possibleGreets customers promptly in a polite and friendly manner, conducts telephone transactionsWrites up customers\' vehicle problems accurately and clearly on the repair orderTest drives the vehicle with customer as needed to confirm the problemRefers to service history, inspect vehicle, and recommends additional need serviceAdvises customers on the care of their cars and the value of maintaining their vehicles in accordance with manufacturers\' specificationsProvides a complete and accurate written cost estimate for labor and parts and establishes a "promised time"Obtains customer signature on repair order; provides customer with a copyEstablishes customers\' method of payment; obtains credit approval if necessaryNotifies dispatcher of incoming workChecks on progress of repair throughout the day; contacts customers regarding any changes in the estimated or promised time, explains cost and time requirements in detail, and gets proper authorization before any additional repairs are performedReviews repair orders to ensure that work is completed and additional work and authorization is notedExplains completed work and all charges to customerCloses repair order as appropriateEnsures that vehicles are parked in assigned areas and makes sure all vehicles are locked and keys are marked and securely storedImplements a quality control process to eliminate comebacksHandles telephone inquiries regarding appointments and work in progressKeeps service department forms, menus, and pricing guides up-to-dateSupervises all cleaning and prepping of new and used vehiclesPrior to the start of a repair job, determines the correct part numbers on repair orders and helps the parts department pull and post the appropriate partsDeals with customer complaints in a sensible manner by showing empathy and a pleasant attitude to demonstrate our commitment to excellent customer service and to increase customer satisfaction and loyaltySells supplementary services by notifying the customer of service specials or any additional work that is needed on their vehicleNotifies customers promptly regarding any delays, changes, or additional work that is requiredDocuments all work performedMaintains and wears all required safety and health personal protective equipment, including respirator, in the manner recommended by the equipment manufacturer and in accordance with company policiesComplies with all laws and regulations pertaining to working with hazardous materials; Reports any deviations to management immediatelyCommunicates with Supervisor if additional work is neededComplies with all laws and regulations pertaining to paint, thinners, and other hazardous materials; reports any deviations to management immediatelyUnderstands the terminology of the automobile business and keep abreast of technology changesFollows all attendance and punctuality standards with adherences to timekeeping standardsFollows the Company Code of Business Ethics and ConductUnderstands and follows all work rules and procedures and follows lawful directions from SupervisorsUpholds the company\'s non-disclosure and confidentiality policies and agreementsMaintains a professional appearance and neat and orderly work area in accordance with company policyAttends pertinent training on requestAttends company meetings as requiredOther duties as assignedOther Duties Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without noticeEEO Statement The Company is committed to hiring a diverse and qualified workforce. We will not consider any characteristic or category protected by state or federal law in hiring or employment decisions, including but not limited to race, national origin, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, status as a parent, or genetic information. 742701'
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. RECEIVING ASSET PROTECTION Receiving Asset Protection are responsible for maintaining a safe and secure receiving dock, securing the receiving doors when not in use and checking in visitors and vendors. Additional responsibilities include but not limited to: Ensuring all safety equipment (e.g. dock restraint system) is in proper working conditionVerifying trailer sealsConfirming incoming and outgoing DSD delivery quantitiesRequirements: Strong interpersonal skills and an attention to detail requiredPrior loss prevention experience helpfulMinimum Age Requirements: Must be at least 18 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b'Job DescriptionAt Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.  Community Banking operates one of the most extensive banking franchises in the country, serving customers through approximately 6,000 branches and 13,000 ATMs in 39 states and the District of Columbia. Our group includes Business Strategy and Administration; Customer and Branch Experience; Customer Remediation Office; Distribution Strategy Group; Regional Banking; Regional Services; and Customer Segments, and serves mass market, affluent, and small business customers. Our focus is on delivering an exceptional experience for our customers and providing the products and services that will help them realize their financial hopes and dreams.  A teller provides exceptional customer service and spends almost all of his/her time working with Wells Fargos most important asset, our customers. Tellers are responsible for a variety of tasks including providing excellent customer service, processing account transactions effectively, helping resolve customer concerns in a timely fashion, following proper procedures to minimize errors and reduce fraud, and sharing the benefit our customers may receive when meeting with a banker, when appropriate. Tellers are expected to always balance their cash drawers, build great rapport with people, and be strong team players who take pride in performing well and enjoy helping others.  Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume prior to submitting your application for consideration. If you are a Wells Fargo Team Member, in your Jobs Profile ensure that your email address is valid and updated to an address that can receive external emails outside of the banking network and is a different email address than the one you originally used when you joined WF. Initial contact with you will be made via e-mail. Please check your e-mail regularly for updates.  The hours for this position are 20 per week with a flexible work schedule based on business need. Normal work schedules typically fall between the hours of 7AM-7PM. Must be able to work a flexible schedule including Saturdays.  Monday thru Friday with Saturdays  Position requires full-time training for 10 days. Training schedule is as follows: Monday thru Friday 9am to 5pmRequired Qualifications1+ year of experience interacting with people or customersDesired QualificationsAbility to navigate multiple computer systems, applications, and utilize search tools to find informationBasic Microsoft Office skillsCash handling experienceCustomer service focus with the ability to stay positive in interactions with customers and team membersExperience offering products and servicesExperience working in a fast-paced environmentGood communication skills including speaking clearly, succinctly, and accurately while using a pleasant tone and common conversational courtesiesAbility to meet or exceed performance objectivesRelevant military experience including working with military protocol and instructions, enlisted evaluations, officer/leadership reportingRelevant military experience including working in personnel benefits management, processing military personnel orders or transitions, wartime readiness operations, human resources or military recruitingOther Desired QualificationsMultilingual speakers are encouraged to applyJob ExpectationsAbility to stand for extended periods of timeAbility to work weekends and holidays as needed or scheduledStreet AddressNJ-Edison: 1063 Inman Ave - Edison, NJDisclaimerAll offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.  Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.'
b'Auto req ID: 178634BRJob SummaryFedEx Ground specializes in cost-effective small package shipping, offering dependable business-to-business delivery and convenient residential service. Our network safely and efficiently moves millions of packages each day utilizing some of the best technology in the industry. FedEx Ground Package Handlers load and unload sorted packages in a fast-paced environment and ensure that FedEx Ground continues to deliver packages to its customers on time and with care.FedEx Ground facilities typically have multiple sorts operating daily in each location. During the sort, Package Handlers are responsible for the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying and placing, in a safe and efficient manner. Package Handlers (PHs) may be assigned to or rotate through various areas and positions such as Loader, Unloader, Palletizer, Scan Weigh and Key (SWAK), Quality Assurance (QA), Facer, Switcher, etc. Individuals who are interested in being considered for a Package Handler position are required to watch a virtual job preview before completing an employment application process. The virtual job preview, will provide a realistic preview of the Package Handler job. Daily activities include assisting with warehouse operations and performing entry level warehouse and dock-related tasks, loading and unloading trucks, shipping and receiving, moving, handling and tracking packages and other material and assisting with transportation and distribution operations.Package Handlers at FedEx Ground-Are eligible for medical, dental and vision benefits as well as vacation and holiday pay, after completion of an eligibility period-Are eligible for pay increases within the first six months of employment-Have career advancement opportunities in our \xe2\x80\x9cpromote from within\xe2\x80\x9d environment-May participate in the company\xe2\x80\x99s tuition assistance program-Must be at least 18 years of ageEssential Functions of the Package Handler position\xe2\x80\xa2Utilizes \xe2\x80\x9chand-to-surface\xe2\x80\x9d methods for all package handling.\xe2\x80\xa2Loads and unloads packages onto or from delivery vehicles, trailers, pallets, conveyor system carts and load gratings.\xe2\x80\xa2Lifts, carries, pushes and pulls packages on a continuous and repetitive basis for approximate shifts of two to four hours.\xe2\x80\xa2Determines the appropriate conveyor system by scanning packages, reading labels and charts, verifying numbers and memorizing information and sorts packages accordingly. \xe2\x80\xa2Performs other duties as assignedMinimum Education\xe2\x80\xa2NoneMinimum Experience\xe2\x80\xa2No experience requiredRequired Skills and Abilities\xe2\x80\xa2Ability to understand and follow instruction regarding work duties and safety methods.\xe2\x80\xa2Ability to discern numbers and information in order to sort packages correctly.\xe2\x80\xa2Ability to use basic tools and equipment such as skate wheel rollers, dock carts, hand-held scanners, chutes and unloading devices.\xe2\x80\xa2Strong communication and interpersonal skills; ability to work well in a fast-paced team environment.\xe2\x80\xa2PHs operating switching equipment must have a valid driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and maintain a Department of Transportation (DOT) file.Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities throughout the subsequent application process.Address: 6000 Riverside DriveCity: KeasbeyState: New JerseyZip Code: 08832-1217Domicile Location: P089EEO StatementFedEx Ground is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer (Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans) committed to a diverse workforce'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' PET/CT Technologist (Part Time) \xe2\x80\x93 Holmdel, NJby careers | Sep 15, 2016 | Career Opportunities, Clinical |y Rebecca Foy | Jul 3, 2017 | Career Opportunities, Clinical |Since 1987, Shared Imaging has provided flexible options for acquiring CT, MRI and PET/CT equipment for interim, mobile or fixed imaging solutions to the healthcare industry. Distinguished by our unmatched access to capital and strong balance sheet, we are able to provide our clients with the latest technology and services. We are singularly focused on providing flexible assets from all major manufacturers including GE, Philips, Siemens and Toshiba to our client base which spans across the majority of the 50 states. With mobile or full-time agreements, fee-per-procedure or fixed pricing methods and the ability to upgrade during our agreement Shared Imaging is unmatched in its ability to help its clients adapt to change.  Shared Imaging is currently looking to hire a Part Time PET/CT Technologist in Holmdel, NJ.The ideal candidate must possess:2+ years industry experienceSelf-starter with the ability to multi-taskUnderstanding of Joint CommissionHard working, detail-oriented, technologist committed to outstanding patient careAbility to work autonomously and as a member of a teamTeam player with a positive attitudeWe value our employees and we want them to be healthy and happy. We offer competitive salaries, travel reimbursement and a diverse blend of benefits, incentives, and business practices and we are continually evaluating our offerings to ensure that Shared imaging is a truly great place to work!Health, dental, and vision insuranceCompany paid dental (with applicable health plans)401k matchingCompany sponsored and voluntary supplemental life insuranceVoluntary short term / long term disability optionsFlex PTO & paid holidaysWellness program with generous incentives open to all Shared Imaging AssociatesEmployee Assistance ProgramCompany swagHealth club reimbursementEmployee recognition programsReferral bonus programJob training, professional development, & continued education Shared Imaging is committed to equal employment opportunity. The company offers a drug-free work environment to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, marital status, veteran status or any other category protected by applicable law. Equal employment opportunity includes hiring, training, promotion, transfer, demotions and termination.  We require that all Shared Imaging LLC employees have a completed background check and drug screen on file.  Click here to apply online or email to careers@sharedimaging.com. No phone calls please.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Union Plaza  2401 Route 22 W Unit 2S1  Union, NJ 07083 '
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. MEMBER SERVICES TEAM MEMBER Member Services Team Members are responsible for assisting members at the membership and service desk areas with courtesy and friendly customer service. Additional responsibilities include but not limited to: Handling merchandise returns, exchanges and merchandise pick-upsResponding to member inquiries and addressing issuesProcessing membership applications and renewalsMaintaining membership filesRequirements:Strong interpersonal skills, basic math skills, an attention to detail and the ability to handle multiple tasks requiredPrior front-end experience helpfulMinimum Age Requirements: Must be at least 16 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b' Job Description"We are inspired every day by the dedicated professionals we serve. Your work is why we\xe2\x80\x99re here and we offer sincere thanks."Karla Bakersmith | President & Founder If these words inspire you, you may be the candidate we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for. We go above and beyond for our customers and each other. We\xe2\x80\x99re passionate about providing the ultimate in service and style. Our goal is to transform the everyday shopping experience into a personal experience that caters to the needs of the caregiver. Job Description Summary Our part-time sales associates are here to ensure our customers have an amazing shopping experience. Beyond that, you are responsible for achieving your individual sales goals and contributing to the store\xe2\x80\x99s sales goals while maintaining S&B\xe2\x80\x99s merchandising and housekeeping standards. Essential Job DutiesProvide excellent customer service according to S&B standards on the selling floor, in the fitting room, and at the cash wrapAchieve your personal and store sales goalsDemonstrate regular attendance and timelinessActively work with garments, including receiving, ticketing, stocking, replenishing, folding, hanging, merchandising, and displaying per S&B guidelinesRing sales on the register, receive and process cash and credit payment, issue receipts and pack merchandise for our customersCommunicate regularly with your on-duty supervisorFollow the store\xe2\x80\x99s opening and closing proceduresOpen and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting cash, processing charge slips, coupons, balancing cash drawers, and making depositsSuccessfully complete training coursesParticipate in stock inventoryAdhere to our loss prevention policiesTo execute the job duties of a part time sales associate you must be able to perform each and every one of the above essential job duties. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.CompetenciesExcellent customer service skills are essentialSkill to run a cash registerAbility to multitask and thrive in a fast-paced environmentCommitment to a flexible scheduleTalent to communicate clearly through written and verbal channelsMust be a team player - give and receive feedback, put success of the team above your own interests, support everyone\'s efforts to succeedResourcefulness to manage time and prioritize your tasks to ensure they are completed on time and correctlyMath competency to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, proportions, and percentagesTechnical aptitude to use Point of Sale software, credit card terminals, and basic computer skillsEducationMust be at least 18 years of ageA high school diploma or G.E.D. is essential along with 6 months to 2 years of retail experiencePhysical DemandsConstantly standing and walkingConstantly reaching, pushing, pulling, graspingFrequently stooping, kneeling, crouchingFrequently lifting up to 20 pounds and occasionally lifting up to 50 poundsOccasionally climbing and descending ladders and step stoolsHearing with or without correction to understand verbal communicationVisual Acuity to perform any activity where the seeing job is at or within arm\'s reachThe physical demands listed above are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Direct ReportsNoneJob descriptions are dynamic and frequently modified. Other duties and responsibilities may be assigned at any given time as both the business dictates and the functions of the job change.Scrubs & Beyond, LLCis an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse work force at all levels of the business thereby creating a culture that allows us to better serve our customers, our associates and our communities. Scrubs & Beyond will not discriminate against any employee or applicant on the basis of age, color, disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or any classification protected by federal, state, or local law.'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Major responsibility is to serve as an Administrative Assistant to the Laboratory Manager and Directors, as Administrative Assistant, the major duties are: Learn the operation of automated systems such as the Laboratory Information System (LIS) and the Electronic Health Records System as they are implemented in the laboratory; Maintaining and providing LIS/EHR informatics and data;Enter and ensure the accuracy of billing and coding information;Manual entry of client and sample information into databases as needed;Ensure that disease diagnosis and procedure codes are properly documented;Documenting any sample-related issues;\xe2\x80\xa2Interacting with external personnel on the phone or in person;Ensuring office and laboratory documents are filed and indexed properly;Maintaining and ordering routine office and laboratory supplies.Specific areas of responsiblity to position:Serve as a back-up to the Clinical Chemistry, Hematology, and Generalist Medical Technologists asneeded.Train other medical technologists in administrative functions of the lab as determined by theLaboratory Manager.Provide all aspects of internal support to the Laboratory Manager and Laboratory Directors in the dailyoperations of the Omnia Diagnostics laboratory.Interact with clients, vendors, sales personnel, field service engineers, application specialists, and otherpersonnel as determined by the Laboratory Manager.Demonstrate excellent customer relations when dealing with external personnel.Display professional etiquette and mannerisms when talking with clients on the phone.Perform all duties, from sample log-in to report release in a timely and efficient manner.Follow-up with submitting centers if there are any issues related to sample identity, quantity, or qualityEducation and Experience:Required: Associate degree in business or healthcare administration.medical technology or biological sciences, bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree preferred.2-3 Years of Laboratory Administrative Assistant experience preferred.2-years additional experience accepted in lieu of associate degree.Command of Microsoft Office programs preferred.Experience in dealing with clients, vendors, and technical support personnel is preferred.Requires excellent written and oral communication skills, customer relations, and telephone etiquette. #IND123'
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. STOCK CLERK Stock Clerks are responsible for replenishing, rotating and displaying merchandise as assigned and ensures that correct signage. Additional responsibilities include but not limited to: General housekeeping duties such as keeping shelves and floors free of cardboard and trashRequirements: Strong organizational skillsPrevious grocery experience preferredPhysical Requirements:Lifting and bendingWorking the overnight shiftPallet jack operationMinimum Age Requirements: Must be at least 18 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b' Brighthouse Financial is a new company established by MetLife. We\xe2\x80\x99re on a mission to help people achieve financial security. Built on a foundation of industry knowledge and experience, we specialize in offering essential annuity and life insurance products designed to help customers protect what they\xe2\x80\x99ve earned and ensure it lasts more predictably. In an industry that often has a reputation for complexity, confusion, and cost, Brighthouse Financial is different. Our approach includes simplicity, transparency, and more value so customers can face the future with confidence.  Brighthouse Financial is seeking passionate, high-performing team members to help us carry out our mission and be part of an exciting journey toward improving the financial futures of our millions of customers. Sound like you? Read on. Role Value Proposition: The candidate filling this role will assist the Company by: (1) providing quantitative expertise to aid in hedging decisions; (2) designing and implementing advanced analytic technologies and mathematical techniques to reduce hedging costs (i.e., funding/CSA valuation adjustments); (3) providing guidance on hedging impacts on statutory and economic capital calculations and by (4) assisting in the development of derivatives strategies to solve ALM challenges;  The Candidate will help lead the day-to-day management of the Investment Department\xe2\x80\x99s derivatives positions, and will serve as the lead financial engineer in the group. This role will contribute to the development of trading desk models for Interest Rate, Foreign Currency, Inflation, Equity and Hybrids. Furthermore, this role will be responsible for the refinement, enhancement and automation of the Investment Department\xe2\x80\x99s derivatives analytics and market risk infrastructure. Department: Investments & Fund Management Key Relationships: Reports To: SVP \xe2\x80\x93 Managing Director, InvestmentsDirect Reports/Team: 1-2Other Key Stakeholders: Investments, ALM, RiskTravel:Negligible Key Responsibilities:Serve as lead quant in the Derivatives Group. Develop custom trading desk models for Interest Rate, Foreign Currency, Inflation, Equity and HybridsAct as Lead Structurer of new hedging solutions as well as run the Credit RSAT programAssist in managing a team of Analysts in Derivative mechanics and data analyticsContribute to the refinement of the Company\xe2\x80\x99s derivative valuation frameworksProactively seek out opportunities to improve the quality and consistency of the risk and derivatives analytics used by senior-most management to drive hedging decisions (and ALM performance)Be available to work with Liability Actuarial teams to review, refine and enhance capital markets assumptions in liabilityPartner with IT and Risk Management to implement and enhance derivatives platformsEssential Business Experience and Technical Skills:Masters degree (or above) in an engineering discipline, mathematics or financial engineering required. The ideal candidate will have excellent mathematical skills and computer science level programming skillsExpert level knowledge of Interest Rate, Equity, FX derivatives, & Cross-Market (Hybrid) pricing models. Detailed understanding of calibration and testing techniques. Ability to articulate modeling assumptions and analytical implications of model choicesExtensive background in derivatives accounting and hedge accounting10 + years of experience working as a quant at a buy-side, sell-side or major risk/financial technology firmMust be familiar with regulatory/statutory capital and actuarial/liability models (must be able to converse with Actuaries regarding valuation/stress testing methodology)Ability to write professional grade C#, C++, Java, and/or Python codeMust have expertise with the Numerix suite of productsExperience with Aladdin a plusLeadership Competencies:Thinks Strategically \xe2\x80\x93 Sets a business intelligence platform direction and strategy that is aligned to the strategy of the company and to the informational needs of the functional areas of the businessCreates Partnerships \xe2\x80\x93 Authentically builds trusted relationships and collaborates across diverse and multi-functional teams to successfully drive business objectivesSeizes Opportunity \xe2\x80\x93 Seeks new opportunities and ways to create balanced business growth while improving operational capabilitiesDrives Results \xe2\x80\x93 Sets aggressive goals and is accountable for continuously driving improved performance, leading change and ensuring high standardsNumber of Openings: 1 Contact Information: Stephen Savastano : stephen.savastano@brighthousefinancial.com'
b" Description  Buckle up, hit the open road and start making hungry people happy as a delivery driver for Pizza Hut\xc2\xae. That's right, we'll pay you to cruise around in your mobile office your car listening to your own tunes and delivering great pizza and pasta. What more could you want? Independence, good music and great food with tips! Sound good? Besides your smile, energy and reliable set of wheels, here's what you'll need for this job: Requirements The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But here are a few skills you should have from the get-go, as well as some requirements:  An acceptable driving record: If you're on a first name basis with the people at traffic court, this probably isn't the right job for you. Safety is our priority. You'll also need a valid driver's license, at least 2 years of driving experience, proof of insurance (listed as a covered driver) and reliable vehicle (personally owned).  Friendly demeanor: Smile, tell a joke treat our customers like you would your family and friends. Think of it this way - a smile and a kind word can mean the difference between a wallet full of tips and just some extra change for your cup holder.  Keen sense of direction: You should know how to read a map and find your way around your delivery area. Think of all of the short cuts you'll learn!  Age restrictions: Our delivery drivers need to be at least 18 years old.  Dress the part: We'll provide you with a uniform. We just ask that you keep it clean and come to work wearing it.  Just a few more things: You'll need some basic math skills, the desire to work as part of a team and enthusiasm for learning.  Keep in mind, this is just basic information. You'll find out more after you apply. And independently-owned franchised or licensed locations may have different requirements."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. CART RETRIEVERS Cart Retrievers are responsible for keeping the parking lot areas clear of carts and flatbeds, and club entrance/cart corrals neat, clean and free of debris. Additional responsibilities include but not limited to: Replenishing box binsAssisting members in the parking lotAssisting on the selling floor as neededHandling other responsibilities as assignedRequirements: Strong interpersonal skillsExcellent customer servicePhysical Requirements:Bending and liftingWorking in indoor and outdoor environmentsMinimum Age Requirements: Must be at least 16 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b" What's Wakefern? Haven't heard of us? That's okay. But you've probably heard of our supermarkets: ShopRite, PriceRite, Fresh Grocer, Dearborn Market.  Wakefern Food Corp. has grown into the largest retailer-owned cooperative in the United States and is the largest employer in New Jersey with over 70,000 employees. And In 2016, Wakefern Food Corp. reported a record in retail sales of over $16 Billion!  26% of our employees have been with us for at least 25 years! Why? Because we care about our people and understand that they are our greatest asset. We offer career development & growth opportunities and have recently been selected as one of NJBIZ magazine's Best Places to Work in New Jersey.  We offer a highly competitive salary and superior company-paid Associate benefits including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Paid Prescriptions, Tuition Reimbursement, Pre-Tax Dependent Spending Account, Wellness Reimbursement, Retirement and 401(k).  What you will do:  The IT Strategy and Innovation position will lead the exploration, design, and development of new IT solutions for an evolving company-wide user base. This individual will create a disruptive innovation agenda/vision that articulates the future and defines the strategic bets that will create value for our members by identifying new revenue streams through new business models and disrupting today's industry value chains.  Other Core Functions: Developing and instilling a culture of IT innovation internally, driving strategic research that will identify and evaluate technologies to build new capabilities at Wakefern, and supporting the execution of Innovation ideasDevelop and execute a collaboration plan that allows for the fluid dissemination of ideas and the ability to quickly view all of the innovation activities taking place across the enterpriseAct as the primary Innovation Champion, enthusiastically encouraging experimentation, new ideas, trial and error, fast failure and faster successCreate passion and an entrepreneurial spirit around the concept of experimentation and innovative ideas Requirements:  -Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s Degree in Information Technology, Business Administration, or Project Management required.  -Proven success in leading startups or Innovation practices. Entrepreneurial spirit and innovation mindset of creativity, risk-taking, customer focus, influencing, change leadership, collaboration and executive presence.  -Demonstrable experience with the development of innovative new technologies and features and ability to spot emerging trends.  -Experience having led functions such as technology product management, product marketing and product strategy, that involve application of innovative and design thinking and driving strategic efforts.  -Ability to think conceptually and translate ideas into action and leadership in implementing prototypes and pilots.  -Exposure to designing large-scale, real-time, business critical systems.  -Demonstrated problem solving experience, addressing and resolving challenges faced by the Technology and business organizations"
b"Mavis Discount Tire and STS Automotive Service Manager Put your career into high gear with Mavis Discount Tire! We're looking for a full-time Service Manager to join Team Mavis at one or our state-of-the-art automotive service and retail tire sales centers. With nearly 800 locations throughout New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts , Pennsylvania, Georgia and Florida, Mavis is one of the largest tire sales and automotive repair chain in the United States. About the Position of Service Manager In addition to selling tires and additional products and services, Service Managers direct the workflow of the Mechanics, Alignment Technicians and Tire Technicians. By staging vehicle repair and maintenance work to ensure the timely and safe completion of high-quality automotive services, our Service Managers play a vital role in Mavis's ability to exceed customer expectations and generate repeat business. Service Managers communicate directly with customers, assess customer needs, provide information regarding requested and/or necessary automotive repairs and maintenance, ensure customers are satisfied with their in-store experience and strive to meet customer expectations. As the liaison between the customer and the retail store location personnel, Service Managers must explain clearly all repair and service work to the customer and answer any customer inquiries. Employee Benefits At Mavis, we understand that our people drive our success. We provide our team members with competitive weekly pay, including weekly incentive compensation, a good working environment and an excellent combination of additional benefits like health and dental insurance, a 401(k) retirement savings plan with employer match, paid vacations, paid sick and personal time, on-the-job training, and opportunities for career growth and advancement. Qualifications We recruit team members who share our commitment to providing complete customer satisfaction and delivering the highest quality service. To be eligible for the position of Service Manager, you must (1) be at least 18 years of age; (2) be legally authorized to work in the United States; and (3) possess (i) 1 year of experience and/or training in automotive parts and/or tire sales, (ii) 1 year of experience and/or training in automotive repairs/maintenance, or (iii) any combination of education, training and experience which demonstrates the ability to perform the duties and responsibilities of the position. Mavis is an Equal Opportunity EmployerConsistent with our commitment to the principal of equal employment opportunity for all individuals, we enforce a zero tolerance policy on discrimination at Mavis. Employment decisions are made without regard to an applicant's or employee's actual or perceived membership in any category or status protected by applicable federal, state or local law.Where appropriate, Mavis may provide reasonable accommodation, in order for an otherwise qualified individual to perform the essential functions of the position.0 Job Posted by ApplicantPro"
b"Home Reconstruction Project Manager A rapidly growing Construction, Real Estate, and Property Management Company seeks an experienced residential construction project manager. If you share a passion for working in a fast paced, rapid growth company committed to professional excellence, then we're interested in talking to you. Responsibilities: Manage all aspects of the re-construction of homes from design to coordination of schedules, inspections during various construction phases, monitoring permits, and daily oversight of subcontractors.  Develop project schedules, plan materials, and purchase orders, ensuring work is within project scope.  Responsible for obtaining sub-contractor estimates and bids, performing project buyouts, and managing subcontractors' progress against plan.  Schedule pre-construction site visits of all jobs that are under construction.  Oversee the construction schedule, budget and insure project is completed within deadline and budget. Qualifications Bachelor Degree in construction management or related field (preferred); or a combination of experience and education.  2 - 6 years experience in construction/building renovation.  Thorough knowledge of general construction with a good understanding of mechanical, electrical, plumbing.  Must be computer literate in Excel (or spreadsheet software), Word, Windows (creating folders, uploading documents). Familiar with Dropbox desirable.  Strong customer service background and skills in the home building industry.  Knowledge of construction practices and labor costs in construction, plus a good knowledge of the uses and costs of materials.  Ability to multi-task, which requires strong organizational skills, attention to detail and quality.  Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and have a process improvement oriented mindset.  Assure safety standards are used which comply with all company, local, City, State and Federal guidelines.  Solid understanding of local, state and federal building code requirements. Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and have a process improvement oriented mindsetUse independent judgment to analyze, troubleshoot and have repairs completed.Assure safety standards are used which comply with all company, local, City, State and Federal guidelinesSolid understanding of local, state and federal building code requirements IND1"
b' ABC Supply, the nation\xe2\x80\x99s largest distributor of exterior building products, is seeking a motivated, experienced CDL Delivery Driver to join its team. ABC Supply has been the recipient of the Gallup Great Workplace Award for 11 consecutive years and is proud to be an employee-first company.  If you are a licensed CDL Driver who is looking for a rewarding, local opportunity with an established company, we want to hear from you! In this role, you will ensure the safety of each delivery from the moment you leave the facility until you have completed each job. Specific duties may include:Treating customers in a friendly and professional mannerConducting a safe work zone during each job siteAdhering to assigned delivery schedule and following all job directives preciselyDocumenting every step of each delivery by taking and uploading photos with our camera phone systemProviding warehouse support as neededCompleting a thorough load check on your truck before leaving the branch, ensuring that all delivery materials are firmly secured and all parts of your truck are in compliance with all federal, state, and local regulationsWorking in cooperation with the Delivery Material Handler to determine where to set the materials and unloading themCompleting and filing all logs and required government paperwork in a precise and timely mannerProviding the customer with an invoice on completion of each delivery and collecting the entire due amount on COD deliveriesThis position does not require over the road travelSpecific qualifications include:Valid CDL \xe2\x80\x93 Class A or BThe ability to lift 75-100 pounds repeatedly (your most common cargo will be 70 pound bundles of shingles)Pre-employment drug screen and random drug screens are requiredStraight, box and/or knuckle boom experience is preferredSemi tractor and trailer experience is preferredBenefits may include:Health, dental, and vision coverageEmployer paid life insuranceFlex spending401(k) with generous company matchPaid time offPaid holidaysEqual Opportunity Employer / Drug Free Workplace'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" ResponsibilitiesAs a massage therapist atthis Massage Envy franchised location,* essential duties include performing professional quality massage within scope of practice and licensing (as applicable) and in alignment with policies and protocols, utilizing approved modalities, in accordance with applicable law in your franchised location, designing specific sessions based on member\xe2\x80\x99s/guest\xe2\x80\x99s individual needs, and upholding the Massage Envy brand's core values of optimism, gratitude, excellence, consistency and empathy. Additional responsibilities include:Perform professional quality massage, within scope of practice and licensing (as applicable).Must follow all Massage Envy policies and protocols.Assists in the cleanliness of the location (therapy rooms and common areas).Utilizes Massage Envy approved modalities, in accordance with applicable law in your location.If performing hot stone, deep muscle or prenatal therapy, must have appropriate training and satisfy the minimum clinic education hours.Maintain professional appearance at all times.Design specific sessions based on member\xe2\x80\x99s/guest\xe2\x80\x99s individual needs.Assists in the promotion of the health and wellness benefits to clients receiving massage therapy on a regular basis; communicates various promotions to clients.Creates excellent member/guest experience through friendly and helpful attitude.Reliable, on time attendance. Attends all scheduled shifts, is prompt to work and works entire scheduled shift.Completes Wellness Chart documentation accurately and completely.Other duties as assigned.QualificationsEducation, Skills and Training:Minimum of 500 hours of massage therapy school and a certificate of completion.Participates in continuing education to improve effectiveness (preferred).Satisfactory results of background and reference check is a condition of employment in this position.Must adhere to all applicable local and state licensing laws and regulations related to the massage therapy services provided, including following any applicable law pertaining to maintaining current Massage License.Knowledge of and experience in performing Swedish and Deep Tissue Massage required, as well as knowledge of and experience in performing other modalities offered by Massage Envy.Understands and believes in the healing benefits of massage therapy and bodywork.Communications and Personal Interactions:Have a strong customer service orientation.Possess the ability to communicate effectively (orally and written) and in a courteous and professional manner on a regular basis with members, guests, co-workers and management.Maintain client confidentiality."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b'Summary/Objective The Service Advisor sells and schedules needed service work in the service department. Promote and attain dealership standards for superior workmanship.Essential FunctionsSchedules service appointments; obtains customer and vehicle data prior to arrival when possibleGreets customers promptly in a polite and friendly manner, conducts telephone transactionsWrites up customers\' vehicle problems accurately and clearly on the repair orderTest drives the vehicle with customer as needed to confirm the problemRefers to service history, inspect vehicle, and recommends additional need serviceAdvises customers on the care of their cars and the value of maintaining their vehicles in accordance with manufacturers\' specificationsProvides a complete and accurate written cost estimate for labor and parts and establishes a "promised time"Obtains customer signature on repair order; provides customer with a copyEstablishes customers\' method of payment; obtains credit approval if necessaryNotifies dispatcher of incoming workChecks on progress of repair throughout the day; contacts customers regarding any changes in the estimated or promised time, explains cost and time requirements in detail, and gets proper authorization before any additional repairs are performedReviews repair orders to ensure that work is completed and additional work and authorization is notedExplains completed work and all charges to customerCloses repair order as appropriateEnsures that vehicles are parked in assigned areas and makes sure all vehicles are locked and keys are marked and securely storedImplements a quality control process to eliminate comebacksHandles telephone inquiries regarding appointments and work in progressKeeps service department forms, menus, and pricing guides up-to-dateSupervises all cleaning and prepping of new and used vehiclesPrior to the start of a repair job, determines the correct part numbers on repair orders and helps the parts department pull and post the appropriate partsDeals with customer complaints in a sensible manner by showing empathy and a pleasant attitude to demonstrate our commitment to excellent customer service and to increase customer satisfaction and loyaltySells supplementary services by notifying the customer of service specials or any additional work that is needed on their vehicleNotifies customers promptly regarding any delays, changes, or additional work that is requiredDocuments all work performedMaintains and wears all required safety and health personal protective equipment, including respirator, in the manner recommended by the equipment manufacturer and in accordance with company policiesComplies with all laws and regulations pertaining to working with hazardous materials; Reports any deviations to management immediatelyCommunicates with Supervisor if additional work is neededComplies with all laws and regulations pertaining to paint, thinners, and other hazardous materials; reports any deviations to management immediatelyUnderstands the terminology of the automobile business and keep abreast of technology changesFollows all attendance and punctuality standards with adherences to timekeeping standardsFollows the Company Code of Business Ethics and ConductUnderstands and follows all work rules and procedures and follows lawful directions from SupervisorsUpholds the company\'s non-disclosure and confidentiality policies and agreementsMaintains a professional appearance and neat and orderly work area in accordance with company policyAttends pertinent training on requestAttends company meetings as requiredOther duties as assignedOther Duties Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without noticeEEO Statement The Company is committed to hiring a diverse and qualified workforce. We will not consider any characteristic or category protected by state or federal law in hiring or employment decisions, including but not limited to race, national origin, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, status as a parent, or genetic information. 742701'
b'Job DescriptionAt Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.  Community Banking operates one of the most extensive banking franchises in the country, serving customers through approximately 6,000 branches and 13,000 ATMs in 39 states and the District of Columbia. Our group includes Business Strategy and Administration; Customer and Branch Experience; Customer Remediation Office; Distribution Strategy Group; Regional Banking; Regional Services; and Customer Segments, and serves mass market, affluent, and small business customers. Our focus is on delivering an exceptional experience for our customers and providing the products and services that will help them realize their financial hopes and dreams.  A teller provides exceptional customer service and spends almost all of his/her time working with Wells Fargos most important asset, our customers. Tellers are responsible for a variety of tasks including providing excellent customer service, processing account transactions effectively, helping resolve customer concerns in a timely fashion, following proper procedures to minimize errors and reduce fraud, and sharing the benefit our customers may receive when meeting with a banker, when appropriate. Tellers are expected to always balance their cash drawers, build great rapport with people, and be strong team players who take pride in performing well and enjoy helping others.  Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume prior to submitting your application for consideration. If you are a Wells Fargo Team Member, in your Jobs Profile ensure that your email address is valid and updated to an address that can receive external emails outside of the banking network and is a different email address than the one you originally used when you joined WF. Initial contact with you will be made via e-mail. Please check your e-mail regularly for updates.  The hours for this position are 20 per week with a flexible work schedule based on business need. Normal work schedules typically fall between the hours of 7AM-7PM. Must be able to work a flexible schedule including Saturdays.  Monday thru Friday with Saturdays  Position requires full-time training for 10 days. Training schedule is as follows: Monday thru Friday 9am to 5pmRequired Qualifications1+ year of experience interacting with people or customersDesired QualificationsAbility to navigate multiple computer systems, applications, and utilize search tools to find informationBasic Microsoft Office skillsCash handling experienceCustomer service focus with the ability to stay positive in interactions with customers and team membersExperience offering products and servicesExperience working in a fast-paced environmentGood communication skills including speaking clearly, succinctly, and accurately while using a pleasant tone and common conversational courtesiesAbility to meet or exceed performance objectivesRelevant military experience including working with military protocol and instructions, enlisted evaluations, officer/leadership reportingRelevant military experience including working in personnel benefits management, processing military personnel orders or transitions, wartime readiness operations, human resources or military recruitingOther Desired QualificationsMultilingual speakers are encouraged to applyJob ExpectationsAbility to stand for extended periods of timeAbility to work weekends and holidays as needed or scheduledStreet AddressNJ-Edison: 1063 Inman Ave - Edison, NJDisclaimerAll offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.  Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Union Plaza  2401 Route 22 W Unit 2S1  Union, NJ 07083 '
b' Job Description"We are inspired every day by the dedicated professionals we serve. Your work is why we\xe2\x80\x99re here and we offer sincere thanks."Karla Bakersmith | President & Founder If these words inspire you, you may be the candidate we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for. We go above and beyond for our customers and each other. We\xe2\x80\x99re passionate about providing the ultimate in service and style. Our goal is to transform the everyday shopping experience into a personal experience that caters to the needs of the caregiver. Job Description Summary Our part-time sales associates are here to ensure our customers have an amazing shopping experience. Beyond that, you are responsible for achieving your individual sales goals and contributing to the store\xe2\x80\x99s sales goals while maintaining S&B\xe2\x80\x99s merchandising and housekeeping standards. Essential Job DutiesProvide excellent customer service according to S&B standards on the selling floor, in the fitting room, and at the cash wrapAchieve your personal and store sales goalsDemonstrate regular attendance and timelinessActively work with garments, including receiving, ticketing, stocking, replenishing, folding, hanging, merchandising, and displaying per S&B guidelinesRing sales on the register, receive and process cash and credit payment, issue receipts and pack merchandise for our customersCommunicate regularly with your on-duty supervisorFollow the store\xe2\x80\x99s opening and closing proceduresOpen and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting cash, processing charge slips, coupons, balancing cash drawers, and making depositsSuccessfully complete training coursesParticipate in stock inventoryAdhere to our loss prevention policiesTo execute the job duties of a part time sales associate you must be able to perform each and every one of the above essential job duties. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.CompetenciesExcellent customer service skills are essentialSkill to run a cash registerAbility to multitask and thrive in a fast-paced environmentCommitment to a flexible scheduleTalent to communicate clearly through written and verbal channelsMust be a team player - give and receive feedback, put success of the team above your own interests, support everyone\'s efforts to succeedResourcefulness to manage time and prioritize your tasks to ensure they are completed on time and correctlyMath competency to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, proportions, and percentagesTechnical aptitude to use Point of Sale software, credit card terminals, and basic computer skillsEducationMust be at least 18 years of ageA high school diploma or G.E.D. is essential along with 6 months to 2 years of retail experiencePhysical DemandsConstantly standing and walkingConstantly reaching, pushing, pulling, graspingFrequently stooping, kneeling, crouchingFrequently lifting up to 20 pounds and occasionally lifting up to 50 poundsOccasionally climbing and descending ladders and step stoolsHearing with or without correction to understand verbal communicationVisual Acuity to perform any activity where the seeing job is at or within arm\'s reachThe physical demands listed above are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Direct ReportsNoneJob descriptions are dynamic and frequently modified. Other duties and responsibilities may be assigned at any given time as both the business dictates and the functions of the job change.Scrubs & Beyond, LLCis an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse work force at all levels of the business thereby creating a culture that allows us to better serve our customers, our associates and our communities. Scrubs & Beyond will not discriminate against any employee or applicant on the basis of age, color, disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or any classification protected by federal, state, or local law.'
b' Major responsibility is to serve as an Administrative Assistant to the Laboratory Manager and Directors, as Administrative Assistant, the major duties are: Learn the operation of automated systems such as the Laboratory Information System (LIS) and the Electronic Health Records System as they are implemented in the laboratory; Maintaining and providing LIS/EHR informatics and data;Enter and ensure the accuracy of billing and coding information;Manual entry of client and sample information into databases as needed;Ensure that disease diagnosis and procedure codes are properly documented;Documenting any sample-related issues;\xe2\x80\xa2Interacting with external personnel on the phone or in person;Ensuring office and laboratory documents are filed and indexed properly;Maintaining and ordering routine office and laboratory supplies.Specific areas of responsiblity to position:Serve as a back-up to the Clinical Chemistry, Hematology, and Generalist Medical Technologists asneeded.Train other medical technologists in administrative functions of the lab as determined by theLaboratory Manager.Provide all aspects of internal support to the Laboratory Manager and Laboratory Directors in the dailyoperations of the Omnia Diagnostics laboratory.Interact with clients, vendors, sales personnel, field service engineers, application specialists, and otherpersonnel as determined by the Laboratory Manager.Demonstrate excellent customer relations when dealing with external personnel.Display professional etiquette and mannerisms when talking with clients on the phone.Perform all duties, from sample log-in to report release in a timely and efficient manner.Follow-up with submitting centers if there are any issues related to sample identity, quantity, or qualityEducation and Experience:Required: Associate degree in business or healthcare administration.medical technology or biological sciences, bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree preferred.2-3 Years of Laboratory Administrative Assistant experience preferred.2-years additional experience accepted in lieu of associate degree.Command of Microsoft Office programs preferred.Experience in dealing with clients, vendors, and technical support personnel is preferred.Requires excellent written and oral communication skills, customer relations, and telephone etiquette. #IND123'
b' Brighthouse Financial is a new company established by MetLife. We\xe2\x80\x99re on a mission to help people achieve financial security. Built on a foundation of industry knowledge and experience, we specialize in offering essential annuity and life insurance products designed to help customers protect what they\xe2\x80\x99ve earned and ensure it lasts more predictably. In an industry that often has a reputation for complexity, confusion, and cost, Brighthouse Financial is different. Our approach includes simplicity, transparency, and more value so customers can face the future with confidence.  Brighthouse Financial is seeking passionate, high-performing team members to help us carry out our mission and be part of an exciting journey toward improving the financial futures of our millions of customers. Sound like you? Read on. Role Value Proposition: The candidate filling this role will assist the Company by: (1) providing quantitative expertise to aid in hedging decisions; (2) designing and implementing advanced analytic technologies and mathematical techniques to reduce hedging costs (i.e., funding/CSA valuation adjustments); (3) providing guidance on hedging impacts on statutory and economic capital calculations and by (4) assisting in the development of derivatives strategies to solve ALM challenges;  The Candidate will help lead the day-to-day management of the Investment Department\xe2\x80\x99s derivatives positions, and will serve as the lead financial engineer in the group. This role will contribute to the development of trading desk models for Interest Rate, Foreign Currency, Inflation, Equity and Hybrids. Furthermore, this role will be responsible for the refinement, enhancement and automation of the Investment Department\xe2\x80\x99s derivatives analytics and market risk infrastructure. Department: Investments & Fund Management Key Relationships: Reports To: SVP \xe2\x80\x93 Managing Director, InvestmentsDirect Reports/Team: 1-2Other Key Stakeholders: Investments, ALM, RiskTravel:Negligible Key Responsibilities:Serve as lead quant in the Derivatives Group. Develop custom trading desk models for Interest Rate, Foreign Currency, Inflation, Equity and HybridsAct as Lead Structurer of new hedging solutions as well as run the Credit RSAT programAssist in managing a team of Analysts in Derivative mechanics and data analyticsContribute to the refinement of the Company\xe2\x80\x99s derivative valuation frameworksProactively seek out opportunities to improve the quality and consistency of the risk and derivatives analytics used by senior-most management to drive hedging decisions (and ALM performance)Be available to work with Liability Actuarial teams to review, refine and enhance capital markets assumptions in liabilityPartner with IT and Risk Management to implement and enhance derivatives platformsEssential Business Experience and Technical Skills:Masters degree (or above) in an engineering discipline, mathematics or financial engineering required. The ideal candidate will have excellent mathematical skills and computer science level programming skillsExpert level knowledge of Interest Rate, Equity, FX derivatives, & Cross-Market (Hybrid) pricing models. Detailed understanding of calibration and testing techniques. Ability to articulate modeling assumptions and analytical implications of model choicesExtensive background in derivatives accounting and hedge accounting10 + years of experience working as a quant at a buy-side, sell-side or major risk/financial technology firmMust be familiar with regulatory/statutory capital and actuarial/liability models (must be able to converse with Actuaries regarding valuation/stress testing methodology)Ability to write professional grade C#, C++, Java, and/or Python codeMust have expertise with the Numerix suite of productsExperience with Aladdin a plusLeadership Competencies:Thinks Strategically \xe2\x80\x93 Sets a business intelligence platform direction and strategy that is aligned to the strategy of the company and to the informational needs of the functional areas of the businessCreates Partnerships \xe2\x80\x93 Authentically builds trusted relationships and collaborates across diverse and multi-functional teams to successfully drive business objectivesSeizes Opportunity \xe2\x80\x93 Seeks new opportunities and ways to create balanced business growth while improving operational capabilitiesDrives Results \xe2\x80\x93 Sets aggressive goals and is accountable for continuously driving improved performance, leading change and ensuring high standardsNumber of Openings: 1 Contact Information: Stephen Savastano : stephen.savastano@brighthousefinancial.com'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" What's Wakefern? Haven't heard of us? That's okay. But you've probably heard of our supermarkets: ShopRite, PriceRite, Fresh Grocer, Dearborn Market.  Wakefern Food Corp. has grown into the largest retailer-owned cooperative in the United States and is the largest employer in New Jersey with over 70,000 employees. And In 2016, Wakefern Food Corp. reported a record in retail sales of over $16 Billion!  26% of our employees have been with us for at least 25 years! Why? Because we care about our people and understand that they are our greatest asset. We offer career development & growth opportunities and have recently been selected as one of NJBIZ magazine's Best Places to Work in New Jersey.  We offer a highly competitive salary and superior company-paid Associate benefits including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Paid Prescriptions, Tuition Reimbursement, Pre-Tax Dependent Spending Account, Wellness Reimbursement, Retirement and 401(k).  What you will do:  The IT Strategy and Innovation position will lead the exploration, design, and development of new IT solutions for an evolving company-wide user base. This individual will create a disruptive innovation agenda/vision that articulates the future and defines the strategic bets that will create value for our members by identifying new revenue streams through new business models and disrupting today's industry value chains.  Other Core Functions: Developing and instilling a culture of IT innovation internally, driving strategic research that will identify and evaluate technologies to build new capabilities at Wakefern, and supporting the execution of Innovation ideasDevelop and execute a collaboration plan that allows for the fluid dissemination of ideas and the ability to quickly view all of the innovation activities taking place across the enterpriseAct as the primary Innovation Champion, enthusiastically encouraging experimentation, new ideas, trial and error, fast failure and faster successCreate passion and an entrepreneurial spirit around the concept of experimentation and innovative ideas Requirements:  -Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s Degree in Information Technology, Business Administration, or Project Management required.  -Proven success in leading startups or Innovation practices. Entrepreneurial spirit and innovation mindset of creativity, risk-taking, customer focus, influencing, change leadership, collaboration and executive presence.  -Demonstrable experience with the development of innovative new technologies and features and ability to spot emerging trends.  -Experience having led functions such as technology product management, product marketing and product strategy, that involve application of innovative and design thinking and driving strategic efforts.  -Ability to think conceptually and translate ideas into action and leadership in implementing prototypes and pilots.  -Exposure to designing large-scale, real-time, business critical systems.  -Demonstrated problem solving experience, addressing and resolving challenges faced by the Technology and business organizations"
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Marketplace At Manville  146 N Main St  Manville, NJ 08835 '
b" Great Pay. Great Clients. Great Team.  At Sport Clips we care about our Teams! Weve built our stores with state-of-the-art comforts for Stylists in mind that includes anti-fatigue floors, European shampoo bowls, and comfortable attire.  Are you a licensed hair stylist passionate about cutting hair and making your clients look great? Do you enjoy being part of a fun team environment? Are you career minded and looking to invest in your future? Do you want to learn the latest trends in men's haircutting? We're looking for awesome hair stylists like you to join our Team!  Sport Clips is growing and we are hiring hair stylists for both full-time and part-time!  Here are some of the benefits of being part of our Team:  On-going education  Professional/personal growth  Awesome career opportunities  Stability  Best clients/great tips  Fun, positive culture  Exciting contests and rewards  Apply Now to join our Team  Start Today. Shape Tomorrow.Location Information:869 US 1North Brunswick, NJ 08902"
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGER The responsibility of the Human Resources Manager is to administer the programs, policies and procedures of the Human Resources Department, in the club. Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Develop sources of qualified applicants, interview and screen candidates, administer tests, check references, evaluate/applicant qualifications, make final decision re: the hire of non-exempt TMs and arrange for preliminary training for newly hired employees, including intranet based training.Supervise and directs activities of Human Resources DepartmentOversee scheduling process for all hourly TMs, in order to keep within budget guidelinesAdminister all personnel paperwork related to hourly employees, including wage increases, hourly employees' promotion: and terminations, workers comp and unemployment claimsHave authority to adjust pay checksConduct benefit orientation and oversee annual benefit open enrollmentEnsure club payroll is completed accurately and on time and that payroll records are monitoredOther responsibilities as assignedRequirements:College Degree PreferredInterviewing/hiring techniques, payroll background, counseling experience1-3 years payroll, clerical or personnel experience in a Supervisory capacity BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Oak Park Commons  911C Oak Tree Ave S  South Plainfield, NJ 07080 '
b' Job DescriptionWe are currently seeking a skilled and motivated Network Administrator, an enterprise solution architect in cloud and virtualization technologies. The Network Administrator must be proficient in critical analysis, development and implementation of networks using Windows-based platforms physically and virtually. Responsible for integration and adaptation of new environments, assimilating new technologies and troubleshooting. Working with the EPA Environmental Response Team during responses and incidents requires flexibility in scheduling and may require some travel. Expect to be dynamic and wear several hats to support the GDIT Team and the EPA in various IT tasks.Education Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline os required. QualificationsQualifications: 3 years of related experience.Minimum 3 years of VMwareMinimum 3 years of networking and Windows administrationTechnical skills:Microsoft Windows Server 2008 and higherMicrosoft Windows 7 Pro and higherMicrosoft Active DirectoryMicrosoft Team Foundation ServerFamiliarity with .NET framework and Visual StudioEndpoint Protection and Security PosturingDNS and SSL and HTTPVmWare administrationCisco Switches and RoutersPreferred skills:Sophos FirewallAmazon Web Services (AWS) cloud administrationGoogle AnalyticsGeospatial Web Services As a trusted systems integrator for more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology provides information technology (IT), systems engineering, professional services and simulation and training to customers in the defense, federal civilian government, health, homeland security, intelligence, state and local government and commercial sectors.With approximately 32,000 professionals worldwide, the company delivers IT enterprise solutions, manages large-scale, mission-critical IT programs and provides mission support services.GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. #HCSDCJ'
b' Provides a high level of support services for the professional nursing staff and the routine functions of patient care under the direction of the professional nurse.# Requires a high school diploma or equivalent. Two years of college and six months experience or Bachelors degree in lieu of experience preferred. College study focus in psychology, sociology, nursing or related field or equivalent education. All positions include an every other weekend work requirement.# 22:45-7:15 Week 1: Sun, Mon, Wed, Thur, Fri Week 2: Mon, Tues, Thur, Fri, Sat'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" Currently seeking a day full time Staff Counselor for a rapidly expanding, leading national substance abuse organization. Come join an elite team of dedicated professionals that are dedicated to delivering the highest level of care to our clients.  Duties include, but are not limited to: New patient intake and orientationFacilitates orientation groups with patientsConducts group sessions for all patientsAddresses patient's concerns and helps eliminate possibility of AMAProvides Case ManagementDocumentation in patient medical record Shift: Days - 8:30AM to 5PM Requirements:Minimum one year experience in substance abuse field, detox preferredExperience conducting group sessionsSubstance Abuse license, clean and active: LSW, LACFlexibility and willingness are great attributesSchedule:Full TimeCompensation:Hourly rate competitive with experience and location Full time employees may be eligible for the following: Medical InsuranceDental/Vision InsuranceSTD/LTD, $25,000.00 Basic Life Insurance401kAccrued PTO PlanEducation reimbursement IND#123"
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician,  Hospitality, Cosmetologist, Barber Location Information: Commerce Center  2431 US Highway 1  North Brunswick, NJ 08902'
b"A Teller manages a fund of cash and provides excellent customer service to customers while performing a variety of transactions.  Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Services customers by processing all monetary transactions.Ability to utilize technology such as Teller Scanning Equipment, Cash Recycling and Cash Dispensing machines and assist customers in the use of Coin Machines.Adhere to the VNB Code of Conduct and Service Quality Standards.Performs duties related to balancing individual cash and end of day proof. Performs office work as necessary or assigned.Identifies cross-sell opportunities and makes referrals to platform staff.Follows bank established guidelines regarding customer service and delivers excellent customer service in accordance with Valley's mission statement.Maintains compliance with Bank's established dress code.Assists in community events.Required Skills:Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence.Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations.Detail oriented and organized.Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure.Basic PC skills.Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.May be required to lift up to 25 pounds.Required Experience:High School Diploma or GED and a minimum of one year consecutive cash handling experience.Banking experience preferred.College Degree preferred."
b" OverviewSBM Management is searching for a GMP Supervisor! The GMP Supervisor is responsible for coordinating activities within the assigned areas in the GMP program. This includes the company employees and other temporary employees engaged in the program. They must inspect areas, equipment, and working conditions to ensure compliance with sanitation, OSHA regulations and site specific SOPs.Responsibilities Performs duties of employees within the program assignedTrains, supervises and instructs employees in tasks, safety, policies, and procedures.Coordinates and monitors work activities, recommends training and issues discipline.Prepares written reports, such as pass down, and/or weekly/monthly updates.Performs quality, service, and safety inspections.Tracks equipment inventory, and schedules maintenance and repair.Track supplies inventory.Monitors employees for proper use of personal protective equipment to assure safety complianceReports employee personnel and customer issues to manager.Corrects at risk behavior immediately, then reports to the manager immediately.Provides recommendations for corrective action on areas that need improvement.Maintain records, i.e. training, inspections, attendance and metric data.Familiar with supervisor responsibilities.Some travel may be required for this position. Supervises employees performing facilities support services in the GMP program.Is responsible for the direction, coordination, and evaluation of the GMP program.Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws.Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, planning, assigning, and directing work; performance evaluations; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems.Ensures employees are properly trained on tasks and safety requirements.QualificationsSix months to 1 year related experience and/or training; High School diploma or general education degree (GED); or equivalent combination of education and experience.Ability to read and understand documents such as SOPs, safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals.Ability to write routine reports and correspondence.Ability to effectively communicate to customers, contractors, or employees of organization.Bilingual in Spanish a plusAbility to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume.Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry.To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of Database software; Internet software; Spreadsheet software and Word Processing software.Good written and verbal skills, excellent customer service skills, training abilities, time management skills, problem solving skills, presentation skills, and coaching skills.Valid Driver\xe2\x80\x99s License to operate company or personal vehicles. May be required to be Forklift certified Available Shift: Full Time  Compensation: The salary for this position is $45,000 - $50,000 per year"
b' Overview "Sunrise is the best place that I\'ve ever worked, simply because of the people. We provide quality care in an environment that feels like home. Our focus is doing what\xe2\x80\x99s right for the resident. For me, that\xe2\x80\x99s a big breath of fresh air." Sunrise LeaderAt Sunrise, our Director of Sales is responsible for building relations and developing referrals. This is the key to success for this sales leadership opportunity. Keeping a pulse on local market conditions and potential referral sources can impact lead generation.ResponsibilitiesResponsibilities:Nurturing lead sourcesOrganizing strategic marketing events on site to promote the Sunrise StoryDelivering other creative tactics to convert leads to move-insTraining new team members as they gain experience on the Sunrise sales teamReinforce the community\xe2\x80\x99s brand reputation and achieve maximum occupancy goalsQualifications:Demonstrated sales experience in senior living, hotel / hospitality or related healthcare environment preferred (i.e. hospital, skilled nursing, long term care, hospice, CCRC or home health)Previous sales experience and successful track record in identifying and building local relationships to drive businessExcellent written and verbal communication skills, as well as the ability to facilitate small-group presentationsProven ability to effectively handle multiple priorities with exceptional organizational and time management skillsExcellent customer service and interpersonal communication skills, as well as a deeply ingrained passion for seniors to successfully nurture relationshipsSchedule flexibility to work one weekend day per week (usually a Tuesday-Saturday schedule) as well as some evenings as necessaryComputer proficiency with the Microsoft Office suite, as well as the ability to learn new applications; previous knowledge of a client relationship management tool for tracking leads preferredSunrise maintains a drug-free work environment and all offers of employment with Sunrise are conditioned on submitting to and successfully completing and passing a drug and alcohol test.QualificationsSunrise Senior Living has championed quality of life in senior care for more than 30 years. We believe team members are our greatest resource and are looking for people who share our commitment to provide quality care for seniors and their families. It\'s no surprise that many of the world\'s leading experts in Senior Living entrust their career to Sunrise.At Sunrise, you will\xe2\x80\xa6 Make a Difference Every Day We are passionate about our mission \xe2\x80\x94 to champion quality of life for all seniors. We deliver high-quality care with a personal touch and encourage our residents to enjoy life to the fullest.Be Part of a Uniquely Supportive Community The care-focused environment we create for residents extends to our team members. We offer programs, rewards, and benefits to help you live your best.Ignite Your Potential We believe potential has no limits. We offer best-in-class leadership development programs designed to grow our leaders. We are committed to helping our team members achieve their career goals.'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b'Job Description:An Engagement Director is responsible for the planning, execution and management of complex and large transformation engagements at Our Client clients. He coordinates the work of Our Client and client team members for one or more projectsAccountable for the successful delivery of all project phases, releases, and project components for transformation projects.Responsible for overall quality, engagement, and adherence to the schedule and budget for the project.Produce recognized pieces of transformational thought leadership and present at industry events.Responsibilities of Role:Coordinate project timeline with her/his teams to ensure checkpoints and goals are met to the client\xe2\x80\x99s satisfaction.Collaborate with the project manager(s) in the management of overall resource allocation and capacity planning for the project(s).Manage program level status, metrics, issues and risks and oversee overall completion and sign-off on program deliverables.Oversee various transformational projects, implementing business process improvements, or implementing ERP systems for our clientsLeverage his/her broad business and technical expertise to address technology architecture, blueprinting, data analysis, business modeling, technical design, application development, integration, and enablement.Provide leadership and guidance to project managers and client leadership teams assigned to the projects.Collaborate in scoping prospective engagements and developing proposals.Qualifications:Demonstrated experience in managing transformational initiatives.At least five(5) full life cycle implementations as an ERP Project Manager with multi-module implementations (Finance, Sales, Production, Purchasing, Warehouse)A minimum of ten (10) years prior transformational ERP consulting or equivalent industry experienceAt least six (6) years\xe2\x80\x99 experience in proposal and business case developmentProven sales experienceGlobal ERP Implementation experience working with multi-national companies in multi-cultural environments is a plusBachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Business, Computer Science, Math, MIS, or equivalent discipline required, Master\xe2\x80\x99s Degree desiredWillingness to travel 100%'
b" Penn Medicine Princeton Health is a leading provider of healthcare services. As a respected nonprofit, community teaching health system, we offer compassionate care supported by advanced technologies and an outstanding medical staff. Over 97% of our physicians have achieved board certification, the hallmark of professional excellence. Through our academic and clinical affiliations with institutions including The Childrens Hospital of Philadelphia, we are setting new standards in diagnostic and treatment protocols and achieving successful clinical outcomes for our patients. Princeton Health is Redefining Care through our commitment to delivering an exceptional level of clinical care and individualized caring for each and every patient. Princeton Health is now part of the Penn Medicine Health System which strives to achieve its three part mission; patient care, education and research. Working for this leading academic health system means collaboration with top clinical, technical and business professionals across all disciplines. Today at Penn Medicine, someone will make a breakthrough. Someone will heal a heart, deliver hopeful news, and give comfort and reassurance. Our employees shape our future each day. Are you living your life's work?  Princeton Health is currently searching for a FullTime, Days, Advanced Practice Nurse - Psych Certified to work in conjunction with the Princeton Medicine Staff at Penn Medicine Princeton Health. ***This experiencedAdvanced Practice Nurse - Psych Certified position offers a Sign-On Bonus of $7,500***Position Summary: Provides continuous and comprehensive services necessary for the promotion of optimal mental health, prevention and treatment of psychiatric disorders and health maintenance, including prescription of medication and administration of psychotherapy. Working with patients who suffer from varied and numerous physical and behavioral issues. Provides care to patient with comorbidities such as diabetes, heart disease, cancer, depression, grief and anxiety. Works collaboratively with physicians at Princeton Medicine. Qualifications:All Princeton Health employees are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless granted a medical or religious exemption.Required:Advanced Practice Nursing Degree from an accredited nursing school and all of the education required to have achieved such a degreeActive New Jersey State RN LicenseActive New Jersey State Advanced Practice Nursing CertificationPsychiatric Mental Health, Board CertifiedAmerican Nurses Credentialing Center CertificationHave or be in the process of obtaining DEA and NJ Controlled Dangerous Substances licensesAdvanced skills in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Visio)Strong interest in Health Information Technology and the ability to master a practice management system, electronic health record, population management software, and other reporting systems.Ability to function independently with regards to most clinical decision makingClinical expertise in Medication Management, Individual Psychotherapy, Group Psychotherapy, Couples Psychotherapy, Psychiatric EvaluationsProject management experienceKnowledge and awareness of hospital structure, medical terminology and codingProfessionalism and a customer service orientation, a teamwork approach, flexibility, and problem-solving skillsDemonstrated leadership, interpersonal and communication skillsPreferred:At least two (2) to five (5) years of experienceSupervisory experienceAddictions Board CertifiedTobacco Dependence Treatment SpecialistClinical expertise in Bariatric Pre and Post Psychiatric Evaluation Join the Princeton Health family and be a part of Redefining Care in our community!  Princeton Health is a qualified employer under the rules of the Government Public Service Loan Forgiveness program & an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE M/F/D/V."
b' No Experience? No Problem! C.R. England is now hiring Recent CDL-A Grads in your area with excellent pay and generous home-time. Get the experience you need behind-the-wheel by learning how to haul loads, deliver freight, and take care of customers. At C.R. England, You Choose Your Lane, You Choose Your Position, and You Get ALL the Benefits! Apply Now.'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Position HighlightsThe primary responsibility of the Senior Cash Receipts Specialist is to ensure accurate and timely processing of more difficult group and participant remittances representing payroll contributions, loan payments and roll-ins for more complex plans.Primary Responsibilities Process all functions related to the most complex payrolls within established timeline. Conduct all client contact for assigned plans, resolving issues as needed to deliver service excellence to clients. Build effective relationships with assigned clients to foster partnership and deliver service excellence. (80%)Responsible for prioritization and completion of assigned tasks in accordance with Departmental, corporate, IRS, Department of Labor, FINRA and SEC regulations and requirements. (20%)QualificationsDegree in Business, Finance, or similar field.FINRA 6 registration permitted, but not required. Corporate-established timelines apply to permitted registrations.FINRA fingerprinting required.1-2 years of similarly related experience in cash/financial field, strongly preferred.Demonstrated understanding of the financial industry and increased knowledge of the Empower Retirement services, products, policies and procedures and the impact of their processing as it relates to these items; in addition to the knowledge requirements of the Specialist Processing Cash.Demonstrates advanced decision making and analytical skills.Must be detailed oriented and have analytical ability for in-depth research; in addition to the skills requirements of the Specialist Processing Cash. Physical Requirements/Working Conditions: Normal Office Working Conditions  This position frequently requires periodic and mandatory (usually unscheduled) overtime as all work items must be processed same-day. May be required to lift 20 + pounds with frequent repetition and perform highly manual, repetitive tasks involving the use of hands, sometimes for an entire shift. Must be able to work with little direct supervision .Performs review of data and activity to prevent risk of loss due to errors .Conduct all client contact for assigned plans. Builds effective relationships with  assigned clients to foster partnership and deliver service excellence'
b' Penn Medicine Princeton Health is a leading provider of healthcare services. As a respected nonprofit, community teaching system, we offer compassionate care supported by advanced technologies and an outstanding medical staff. Over 97% of our physicians have achieved board certification, the hallmark of professional excellence. Through our academic and clinical affiliations with institutions including The Childrens Hospital of Philadelphia, we are setting new standards in diagnostic and treatment protocols and achieving successful clinical outcomes for our patients. Penn Medicine Princeton Health is Redefining Care through our commitment to delivering an exceptional level of clinical care and individualized caring for each and every patient.  Penn Medicine Princeton Health is currently searching for a Full Time, Days/Evenings, Certified Medical Assistant to float between various Princeton Medicine Physician locations. Position Summary: The Certified Medical Assistant is primarily responsible for assisting physicians, residents and registered nurses in the daily operations of the clinic and patient care. In addition to providing orientation, mentoring and supervision of other CMAs in the Clinic. Qualifications:All PHCS employees are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless granted a medical or religious exemption.Required: - High School Graduate/GED/Equivalent  - Vocational / Technical School / Diploma Program  - CMA Certification from the Certifying Board of the American Association of Medical Assistants  - Two (2) to four (4) years related work experience  - Excellent clinical, interpersonal and communication skills  - Professionalism  - Flexibility, a high level of accuracy and an ability to handle multiple demands  - Customer service orientation, teamwork approach, initiative, organizational skills and a positive approach  - Proficiency in computer skills required, including, but not limited to Microsoft Word, Excel and hospital based programs  Join Penn Medicine Princeton Health family and be a part of Redefining Care in our community!  Penn Medicine Princeton Health is an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE M/F/D/V'
b'Company Overview For more than 100 years, we\xe2\x80\x99ve been a leader in global infrastructure solutions with a focus on planning, design, technology, and construction management services for a diverse array of markets and disciplines. Across more than 60 offices, 2,000+ highly qualified professionals are united in an unyielding commitment to deliver excellence to every client and every project, every day.  Excellence Delivered As Promised. It\xe2\x80\x99s more than a slogan. It\xe2\x80\x99s our standard. It\xe2\x80\x99s the expectation we place upon ourselves as individuals and as a company. It represents our commitment to our valued clients, industry partners, and employees. It\xe2\x80\x99s our earnest pledge to do what we say. It\xe2\x80\x99s the core of who we are as a firm and the foundation upon which all of our relationships and projects are built. What You Will Do As a Senior Water Resources Engineer Gannett Fleming\xe2\x80\x99s Piscataway New Jersey office you will provide oversight to design teams, monitor progress and provide guidance, responsible for final check and accuracy of design deliverables. The successful candidates will have demonstrated success in the supervision and coordination of civil engineering designs, drawings and technical specifications. Responsibilities will include: assigning individual work tasks and providing guidance to team members focused in hydrologic and hydraulic modeling, storm sewer analysis, stormwater engineering design master drainage planning, groundwater analyses and related projects. This position will be based in our Piscataway New Jersey office.  The successful Senior Water Resources Engineer will also be responsible for preparing stormwater management plans and reports, Stormwater Pollution Prevention Plans, BMPs, erosion control plans and other civil infrastructure design. Perform hydrologic and hydraulic analyses, using a variety of techniques and models (e.g., HEC-HMS, HEC-RAS, SWMM, etc.). Prepare written reports, such as flood study narratives and watershed reports. Oversight of project teams and client management. Minimum QualificationsB.S. Degree or higher in Civil or Environmental Engineering (or related Engineering field), with emphasis in water resources.8-15 years water resources-related experience.Registered Professional Engineer in the State of New JerseyDirect knowledge of permitting requirements for NJDOT/NJTA/NJDEP requiredDemonstrated knowledge of hydrology and open channel hydraulics.Knowledge/experience Stormwater ManagementProficiency in HEC-RAS is required and knowledge of StormCad strongly preferredAbility to interact with our clients and work on cross-functional teams is essentialStrong written and verbal communication skillsKnowledge / experience with MicrostationLife at Gannett Fleming At Gannett Fleming, we believe in improving the lives of the people we serve. We believe in innovation and social responsibility. We believe in the diversity of our team and the creative solutions they provide. We believe in embracing change and emerging technologies while maintaining an unmatched standard of quality. We believe in creating an environment where employees can thrive at home and at work. We believe in engaging our employees, building lasting relationships with our clients, and, in turn, making a difference in the world.  Gannett Fleming is an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Employer, including veterans and disability status. Gannett Fleming Inc. will not sponsor an employment visa (e.g., H-1B visa), including any visa renewal during employment, for any candidate for this position. No relocation assistance will be provided for this position. Local residents will be given preference. NO AGENCIES PLEASE: Unsolicited resumes from third party agencies will not be accepted. Location: Piscataway, NJ  Working Hours: 8 AM \xe2\x80\x93 5 PM  Employment Status: Full-Time  Internal Requisition ID: 2018-4767'
b' Provides a high level of support services for the professional nursing staff and the routine functions of patient care under the direction of the professional nurse. Requires a high school diploma or equivalent. Two years of college and six months experience or Bachelors degree in lieu of experience preferred. College study focus in psychology, sociology, nursing or related field or equivalent education. All positions include an every other weekend work requirement.'
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. CASHIER Cashiers are responsible for accurate and rapid processing of member purchases in a courteous and member friendly manner. Additional responsibilities include but not limited to:\xc2\xa0 Verifying memberships, scanning merchandise and accepting various forms of tender (e.g., cash, check, credit card, coupons, etc.)Assisting members during the checkout process, performing all cash register functionsCleaning and complying with sanitation and safety standards\xc2\xa0Requirements: Strong interpersonal skills, basic math skills and an attention to detail required Minimum Age Requirements:  Must be at least 16 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b' Can you consistently deliver customer success and obtain outstanding results when you have a great product to sell? Appian could be the place for you.The Appian Platform is unifying technology that makes all of our customers systems better. We offer a cutting-edge product that brings together process, data, collaboration, and low-code mobile app development. And, its getting noticed. PC Mag called Appian, the most mature, easiest to use low-code platform we tested for creating BPM apps. Whats more? Organizations around the world are buying in ever-larger amounts and deploying Appian far and wide." The most successful Account Executives at Appian possess the following characteristics:Self-starters who take initiative and have a sense of urgency in everything they doHave experience selling cutting edge, disruptive technology to senior executives at the enterprise levelKnow how to effectively manage a long sales cycle to a successful closeAre creative in finding ways around sales barriers and can convert opponents into championsThink strategically about their clients business and avoid selling on a feature/function basisExude confidence, engendering prospects to share their challenges openlyUnderstand how to position against competitors to become the only viable optionHave domain knowledge and a portable relationship portfolioAre focused on delivering value throughout the life cycle of the customer relationshipMinimum Qualifications:BA/BS Degree5+ years of quota carrying enterprise sales experience to large, complex organizationsPreferred Qualifications:Track record of over achieving quota (top 10-20% of company) in past positionsPossess a hungry, motivated, high energy, and enthusiastic spiritExcellent written and verbal communication and presentation skillsDisplays loyalty and perseverance through long, stable job tenure and positive career trajectory #LI-TG1'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Lenox Plaza Woodland Park  1800 US Highway 46 W  Woodland Park, NJ 07424 '
b' Supplemental Health Care is a nationally recognized healthcare staffing provider partnering with a Hospital in New Brunswick, NJ to provide an Oncology Registered Nurse for a 13-week travel assignment. If you are an RN who loves to travel, we have immediate positions available. -13-week travel RN assignment with possible extension -Variable shifts available  -Interviews occurring within the next 24-72 hours -Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K Match, Our Rewards These travel RN positions can go quick. Not interested in New Jersey? We have Registered Nurse positions available in cities and states all across the country.  Please contact me directly today at (716) 541-2604 to find your ideal RN position. Matthew Ratajczak (716) 541-2604 Mratajczak@travelnurses.com'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Marketplace At Manville  146 N Main St  Manville, NJ 08835 '
b" Great Pay. Great Clients. Great Team.  At Sport Clips we care about our Teams! Weve built our stores with state-of-the-art comforts for Stylists in mind that includes anti-fatigue floors, European shampoo bowls, and comfortable attire.  Are you a licensed hair stylist passionate about cutting hair and making your clients look great? Do you enjoy being part of a fun team environment? Are you career minded and looking to invest in your future? Do you want to learn the latest trends in men's haircutting? We're looking for awesome hair stylists like you to join our Team!  Sport Clips is growing and we are hiring hair stylists for both full-time and part-time!  Here are some of the benefits of being part of our Team:  On-going education  Professional/personal growth  Awesome career opportunities  Stability  Best clients/great tips  Fun, positive culture  Exciting contests and rewards  Apply Now to join our Team  Start Today. Shape Tomorrow.Location Information:869 US 1North Brunswick, NJ 08902"
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Job DescriptionWe are currently seeking a skilled and motivated Network Administrator, an enterprise solution architect in cloud and virtualization technologies. The Network Administrator must be proficient in critical analysis, development and implementation of networks using Windows-based platforms physically and virtually. Responsible for integration and adaptation of new environments, assimilating new technologies and troubleshooting. Working with the EPA Environmental Response Team during responses and incidents requires flexibility in scheduling and may require some travel. Expect to be dynamic and wear several hats to support the GDIT Team and the EPA in various IT tasks.Education Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline os required. QualificationsQualifications: 3 years of related experience.Minimum 3 years of VMwareMinimum 3 years of networking and Windows administrationTechnical skills:Microsoft Windows Server 2008 and higherMicrosoft Windows 7 Pro and higherMicrosoft Active DirectoryMicrosoft Team Foundation ServerFamiliarity with .NET framework and Visual StudioEndpoint Protection and Security PosturingDNS and SSL and HTTPVmWare administrationCisco Switches and RoutersPreferred skills:Sophos FirewallAmazon Web Services (AWS) cloud administrationGoogle AnalyticsGeospatial Web Services As a trusted systems integrator for more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology provides information technology (IT), systems engineering, professional services and simulation and training to customers in the defense, federal civilian government, health, homeland security, intelligence, state and local government and commercial sectors.With approximately 32,000 professionals worldwide, the company delivers IT enterprise solutions, manages large-scale, mission-critical IT programs and provides mission support services.GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. #HCSDCJ'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician,  Hospitality, Cosmetologist, Barber Location Information: Commerce Center  2431 US Highway 1  North Brunswick, NJ 08902'
b" OverviewSBM Management is searching for a GMP Supervisor! The GMP Supervisor is responsible for coordinating activities within the assigned areas in the GMP program. This includes the company employees and other temporary employees engaged in the program. They must inspect areas, equipment, and working conditions to ensure compliance with sanitation, OSHA regulations and site specific SOPs.Responsibilities Performs duties of employees within the program assignedTrains, supervises and instructs employees in tasks, safety, policies, and procedures.Coordinates and monitors work activities, recommends training and issues discipline.Prepares written reports, such as pass down, and/or weekly/monthly updates.Performs quality, service, and safety inspections.Tracks equipment inventory, and schedules maintenance and repair.Track supplies inventory.Monitors employees for proper use of personal protective equipment to assure safety complianceReports employee personnel and customer issues to manager.Corrects at risk behavior immediately, then reports to the manager immediately.Provides recommendations for corrective action on areas that need improvement.Maintain records, i.e. training, inspections, attendance and metric data.Familiar with supervisor responsibilities.Some travel may be required for this position. Supervises employees performing facilities support services in the GMP program.Is responsible for the direction, coordination, and evaluation of the GMP program.Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws.Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, planning, assigning, and directing work; performance evaluations; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems.Ensures employees are properly trained on tasks and safety requirements.QualificationsSix months to 1 year related experience and/or training; High School diploma or general education degree (GED); or equivalent combination of education and experience.Ability to read and understand documents such as SOPs, safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals.Ability to write routine reports and correspondence.Ability to effectively communicate to customers, contractors, or employees of organization.Bilingual in Spanish a plusAbility to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume.Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry.To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of Database software; Internet software; Spreadsheet software and Word Processing software.Good written and verbal skills, excellent customer service skills, training abilities, time management skills, problem solving skills, presentation skills, and coaching skills.Valid Driver\xe2\x80\x99s License to operate company or personal vehicles. May be required to be Forklift certified Available Shift: Full Time  Compensation: The salary for this position is $45,000 - $50,000 per year"
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" Penn Medicine Princeton Health is a leading provider of healthcare services. As a respected nonprofit, community teaching health system, we offer compassionate care supported by advanced technologies and an outstanding medical staff. Over 97% of our physicians have achieved board certification, the hallmark of professional excellence. Through our academic and clinical affiliations with institutions including The Childrens Hospital of Philadelphia, we are setting new standards in diagnostic and treatment protocols and achieving successful clinical outcomes for our patients. Princeton Health is Redefining Care through our commitment to delivering an exceptional level of clinical care and individualized caring for each and every patient. Princeton Health is now part of the Penn Medicine Health System which strives to achieve its three part mission; patient care, education and research. Working for this leading academic health system means collaboration with top clinical, technical and business professionals across all disciplines. Today at Penn Medicine, someone will make a breakthrough. Someone will heal a heart, deliver hopeful news, and give comfort and reassurance. Our employees shape our future each day. Are you living your life's work?  Princeton Health is currently searching for a FullTime, Days, Advanced Practice Nurse - Psych Certified to work in conjunction with the Princeton Medicine Staff at Penn Medicine Princeton Health. ***This experiencedAdvanced Practice Nurse - Psych Certified position offers a Sign-On Bonus of $7,500***Position Summary: Provides continuous and comprehensive services necessary for the promotion of optimal mental health, prevention and treatment of psychiatric disorders and health maintenance, including prescription of medication and administration of psychotherapy. Working with patients who suffer from varied and numerous physical and behavioral issues. Provides care to patient with comorbidities such as diabetes, heart disease, cancer, depression, grief and anxiety. Works collaboratively with physicians at Princeton Medicine. Qualifications:All Princeton Health employees are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless granted a medical or religious exemption.Required:Advanced Practice Nursing Degree from an accredited nursing school and all of the education required to have achieved such a degreeActive New Jersey State RN LicenseActive New Jersey State Advanced Practice Nursing CertificationPsychiatric Mental Health, Board CertifiedAmerican Nurses Credentialing Center CertificationHave or be in the process of obtaining DEA and NJ Controlled Dangerous Substances licensesAdvanced skills in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Visio)Strong interest in Health Information Technology and the ability to master a practice management system, electronic health record, population management software, and other reporting systems.Ability to function independently with regards to most clinical decision makingClinical expertise in Medication Management, Individual Psychotherapy, Group Psychotherapy, Couples Psychotherapy, Psychiatric EvaluationsProject management experienceKnowledge and awareness of hospital structure, medical terminology and codingProfessionalism and a customer service orientation, a teamwork approach, flexibility, and problem-solving skillsDemonstrated leadership, interpersonal and communication skillsPreferred:At least two (2) to five (5) years of experienceSupervisory experienceAddictions Board CertifiedTobacco Dependence Treatment SpecialistClinical expertise in Bariatric Pre and Post Psychiatric Evaluation Join the Princeton Health family and be a part of Redefining Care in our community!  Princeton Health is a qualified employer under the rules of the Government Public Service Loan Forgiveness program & an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE M/F/D/V."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Penn Medicine Princeton Health is a leading provider of healthcare services. As a respected nonprofit, community teaching system, we offer compassionate care supported by advanced technologies and an outstanding medical staff. Over 97% of our physicians have achieved board certification, the hallmark of professional excellence. Through our academic and clinical affiliations with institutions including The Childrens Hospital of Philadelphia, we are setting new standards in diagnostic and treatment protocols and achieving successful clinical outcomes for our patients. Penn Medicine Princeton Health is Redefining Care through our commitment to delivering an exceptional level of clinical care and individualized caring for each and every patient.  Penn Medicine Princeton Health is currently searching for a Full Time, Days/Evenings, Certified Medical Assistant to float between various Princeton Medicine Physician locations. Position Summary: The Certified Medical Assistant is primarily responsible for assisting physicians, residents and registered nurses in the daily operations of the clinic and patient care. In addition to providing orientation, mentoring and supervision of other CMAs in the Clinic. Qualifications:All PHCS employees are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless granted a medical or religious exemption.Required: - High School Graduate/GED/Equivalent  - Vocational / Technical School / Diploma Program  - CMA Certification from the Certifying Board of the American Association of Medical Assistants  - Two (2) to four (4) years related work experience  - Excellent clinical, interpersonal and communication skills  - Professionalism  - Flexibility, a high level of accuracy and an ability to handle multiple demands  - Customer service orientation, teamwork approach, initiative, organizational skills and a positive approach  - Proficiency in computer skills required, including, but not limited to Microsoft Word, Excel and hospital based programs  Join Penn Medicine Princeton Health family and be a part of Redefining Care in our community!  Penn Medicine Princeton Health is an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE M/F/D/V'
b' Provides a high level of support services for the professional nursing staff and the routine functions of patient care under the direction of the professional nurse. Requires a high school diploma or equivalent. Two years of college and six months experience or Bachelors degree in lieu of experience preferred. College study focus in psychology, sociology, nursing or related field or equivalent education. All positions include an every other weekend work requirement.'
b' Can you consistently deliver customer success and obtain outstanding results when you have a great product to sell? Appian could be the place for you.The Appian Platform is unifying technology that makes all of our customers systems better. We offer a cutting-edge product that brings together process, data, collaboration, and low-code mobile app development. And, its getting noticed. PC Mag called Appian, the most mature, easiest to use low-code platform we tested for creating BPM apps. Whats more? Organizations around the world are buying in ever-larger amounts and deploying Appian far and wide." The most successful Account Executives at Appian possess the following characteristics:Self-starters who take initiative and have a sense of urgency in everything they doHave experience selling cutting edge, disruptive technology to senior executives at the enterprise levelKnow how to effectively manage a long sales cycle to a successful closeAre creative in finding ways around sales barriers and can convert opponents into championsThink strategically about their clients business and avoid selling on a feature/function basisExude confidence, engendering prospects to share their challenges openlyUnderstand how to position against competitors to become the only viable optionHave domain knowledge and a portable relationship portfolioAre focused on delivering value throughout the life cycle of the customer relationshipMinimum Qualifications:BA/BS Degree5+ years of quota carrying enterprise sales experience to large, complex organizationsPreferred Qualifications:Track record of over achieving quota (top 10-20% of company) in past positionsPossess a hungry, motivated, high energy, and enthusiastic spiritExcellent written and verbal communication and presentation skillsDisplays loyalty and perseverance through long, stable job tenure and positive career trajectory #LI-TG1'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Lenox Plaza Woodland Park  1800 US Highway 46 W  Woodland Park, NJ 07424 '
b' Supplemental Health Care is a nationally recognized healthcare staffing provider partnering with a Hospital in New Brunswick, NJ to provide an Oncology Registered Nurse for a 13-week travel assignment. If you are an RN who loves to travel, we have immediate positions available. -13-week travel RN assignment with possible extension -Variable shifts available  -Interviews occurring within the next 24-72 hours -Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K Match, Our Rewards These travel RN positions can go quick. Not interested in New Jersey? We have Registered Nurse positions available in cities and states all across the country.  Please contact me directly today at (716) 541-2604 to find your ideal RN position. Matthew Ratajczak (716) 541-2604 Mratajczak@travelnurses.com'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b"Job Description Duties/Responsibilities: At Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers' financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. We're looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you'll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.  Consumer Lending is an industry leader in supporting homeowners and consumers. Our group includes Home Lending, Personal Lending, and Wells Fargo Auto, and the professional services teams that partner with these businesses. Our foundation for success can be summarized in three beliefs: Our product is service. Our value added is financial advice and guidance. Our competitive advantage is our people. We've built our team of top professionals by rewarding their accomplishments and ensuring they have what's needed to succeed.  Join the #1 Mortgage originator and servicer ( Source: Inside Mortgage Finance )  Our Mortgage Origination team builds strong relationships with consumers and referral partners to help our customers reach their personal and financial goals through homeownership.  This SAFE position has customer contact and job duties which may include the offering/negotiating of terms and/or taking an application for a dwelling secured transaction. As such, this position requires compliance with the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 and all related regulations. Ongoing employment is contingent upon meeting all such requirements, including acceptable background investigation results. Individuals in a SAFE position also must meet the Loan Originator requirements under Regulation Z (LO) outlined in the job expectations below.  We have an immediate opening for a Retail Sales Supervisor (Sales Manager). This individual is responsible for coaching, directing and managing the sales activities of a small group of residential Home Mortgage Consultants (at a minimum of 3 and maximum of 7 sales origination direct reports) under the direction of a Branch Sales Manager. Partner with Branch Sales Manager in ensuring compliance and control through risk management. Manage personal and teams pipeline to effectively manage customer loyalty. Also responsible for producing high quality loans that meet Wells Fargo Home Mortgage guidelines by building relationships with realtors, builders, financial planners, bank stores, past customers, and other nontraditional source while providing excellent customer service. Strong sales and organizational skills are essential. Bi-lingual job seekers are encouraged to apply. Additional duties include:Develop knowledge of company products, policies and procedures, and underwriting requirementsUnderstand real estate appraisals, title reports, and real estate transactionsInform prospective and existing customers of WFHM programs, rates, policies, underwriting requirements, and loan proceduresAnalyze detailed financial and credit data, matching customer needs with an appropriate loan program and level of riskReceive customer applications, quote the rate and points, and complete follow-up activities with the registration lock-inDevelop and maintains a high degree of visibility and credibility for WFHM in the marketplacePerform miscellaneous duties as needed and requiredRequired Qualifications3+ years of sales experience, mortgage industry experience, or a combination of bothDesired QualificationsBasic Microsoft Office skillsExcellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skillsMortgage industry experienceKnowledge and understanding of sales prospecting and generating referralsBilingual speaking proficiency in Spanish/EnglishCustomer service experienceA BS/BA degree or higher1+ year of leadership or management experienceOther Desired QualificationsDocumented retail residential mortgage fundings over the past 12 months referred primarily from established, local, external sources1+ year of data analysis experience (Free Form)1 + year of recruiting experience (Free form)Job ExpectationsThis position requires SAFE registration at the time of employment. Wells Fargo will initiate the SAFE registration process immediately after your employment start date. The Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System (NMLS) web site (http://fedregistry.nationwidelicensingsystem.org ) provides the MU4R questions and registration required for employment in this position.Individuals in Loan Originator (LO) positions must meet the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau qualification requirements and comply with related Wells Fargo policies. The LO qualification requirements include meeting applicable financial responsibility, character, general financial fitness and criminal background standards. A current credit report will be used to assess your financial responsibility and credit fitness, however, a credit score is not included as part of the evaluation. Successful candidates must also meet ongoing regulatory requirements including additional screening, if necessary.Ability to lift 20+ poundsReliable transportationAbility to work nights, weekends, and/or holidays as needed or scheduledThis position requires compliance with all mortgage regulatory requirements and Wells Fargo's compliance policies related to these requirements including acceptable background check investigation results. Successful candidates must also meet ongoing regulatory requirements including additional screening and required reporting of certain incidents.DisclaimerAll offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.  Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation."
b' Provides a high level of support services for the professional nursing staff and the routine functions of patient care under the direction of the professional nurse.# Requires a high school diploma or equivalent. Two years of college and six months experience or Bachelors degree in lieu of experience preferred. College study focus in psychology, sociology, nursing or related field or equivalent education. All positions include an every other weekend work requirement.#'
b'The Home Loan Consultant will originate first and second residential mortgages through building external referral sources such as realtors, builders, attorneys.  Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Originate first and second mortgages.Prequalify customers based on credit criteria.Build relationships with external referral sources.Communicate effectively with customers, referral sources.Manage pipeline of customers through frequent communication methods.Provide high level customer service.Required Skills:Strong technical experience with origination systems.Strong knowledge of mortgage programs and products.Required Experience:High School Diploma or GED and a minimum of two (2) years mortgage origination experience.Complies with the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act (S.A.F.E. Act) requirements and registration requirements.College degree preferred.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Hadley Center  4917 Stelton Rd  South Plainfield, NJ 07080 '
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Provides a high level of support services for the professional nursing staff and the routine functions of patient care under the direction of the professional nurse.# Requires a high school diploma or equivalent. Two years of college and six months experience or Bachelors degree in lieu of experience preferred. College study focus in psychology, sociology, nursing or related field or equivalent education. All positions include an every other weekend work requirement.# 22:45-7:15 Week 1: Saturday Week 2: Sunday #'
b"Job Description:Tax SeniorPrivate Client ServicesNew JerseyAre you seeking the opportunity to develop your talent into a meaningful career with a firm that enables you to do more, to learn more and grow faster? If so, we have the answer!Mazars USA is growing nationally and internationally, and you can be part of it! Mazars USA LLP in New Jersey is seeking high performing Tax Seniors who are as passionate about providing meaningful insight to businesses and individuals as they are about investing in their own professional growth. Our ambition is to transform today's high performers into tomorrow's leaders through on-the-job training, continued professional education, in-house development programs and customized training where appropriate.  As a Tax Senior, you will be responsible for providing the highest levels of client service working with staff accountants, managers and Partners as well as interacting with clients in a range of markets and industries.  The ideal candidate will be able to:  Prepare complex individual income tax returns and projections  Prepare partnership, corporate and fiduciary returns  Research issues involved in federal, state and local tax planning projects  Deal with the IRS, state and local authorities, representation of clients at audits  Tax research using CCH, RIA and BNA  Review and maintain budgets  Keep partners updated about the status of the engagement  Maintain client relations  Supervise work of staff accountants  Visit potential client sites for business proposals Job Requirements: 3+ years public accounting experience  Excellent technical background developed from preparing and reviewing income tax returns  for all types of entities  Pursuit of CPA or EA required  Strong computer skills. Knowledge of ProSystem Suite is a plus  Strong organization, communication and analytical skills"
b"Fitness for Everybody...Everybody Blinks. We believe that exercise isn't just about looking good; it's also about how it makes you feel -- both in and out of the gym. We know that if we create an environment where you feel good, you will come more often and get the results you desire.  Blink Fitness launched in early 2011 and has ~70 company-owned locations open or in development across the US. Blink has aggressive expansion plans in the coming years with both corporate and franchise locations.  Blink is an exciting and dynamic business that is still in the start-up mode. We are a passionate team with a great entrepreneurial spirit and a willingness to roll up our sleeves to get the work done. What makes PT at Blink different? Blink is currently based in the New York tri-state area with plans to grow nationally in 2018 and as a result, we have a rapidly expanding member base. With over 10,000 new members a month, there are plenty of new clients to engage in training. We offer the lowest price point per session with the largest payout for new trainers in the industry. You also have the opportunity to get paid for floor hours, where you can maximize prospecting. What are you waiting for? It\xe2\x80\x99s time to get blinking. Job Overview: Blink Personal Trainers provide personalized attention, professional instruction, and exercise programming to each member to maximize the member\xe2\x80\x99s health, fitness, and wellness goals while providing the highest level of customer service. Join us and discover a dynamic work environment built around helping others maximize their potential, where limitless opportunity is cultivated by the highest in industry standards across training, education, marketing, media and sales.Responsibilities:Build client base through conducting orientations and PT sessions and demonstrating the value of personal training, including safe and proper exercise techniquesPrepare and deliver comprehensive fitness programs based on clients\xe2\x80\x99 goalsMotivate and inspire clients to get results through goal setting, frequent follow-upProvide hospitality to all membersSet the positive energy and tone of the ClubQualifications:Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) and Automated External Defibrillator (AED) certification requiredApproved Personal Training Certification RequiredDesire to transform lives through educating members on health and wellness topicsUnderstand principles of physical fitness and proper exercise techniquePossess excellent customer service skillsPossess or be willing to learn sales skillsAbility to self-promote and networkAbility to communicate clearly and concisely, both verbally and in writingAdjust and operate fitness equipmentCompensation& Benefits:Competitive compensation and bonus opportunitiesComprehensive Benefits package for all TrainersMedical, Dental, and Vision plans401(k) Retirement savings optionCareer Advancement opportunitiesComplimentary Blink membershipFun working environment!"
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... This position will be part of the Corporate Information Security team focused on security awareness. Specifically, this role will coordinate security awareness activities and initiatives designed to influence employee and contractor behavior. Ultimately, this role is focused on reducing risk to our organization by ensuring all individuals with access to Verizon information resources understand and follow our security requirements and behave in a secure and responsible manner. Ensure that our security awareness program communicates our security policies and requirements so that people know, understand and can follow them.Support security awareness initiatives as assigned to help minimize the human threat to Verizon information assets.Create a positive program that engages information systems users and helps them to be vigilant at work and home to help guard against security threats.Leverage opportunities to expand employee knowledge through remedial training, campaigns, education fairs and events.Active participation in strategic initiatives in accordance to the E&A roadmap.Ability to form complex 'communications / messages' in a simple, clear and concise manner to the various communities within our organization.Clearly and concisely communicates verbally to articulate security awareness messages.Project management experience and the ability to plan, manage, maintain and sustain a complex, organization wide program long-term.Demonstrate practical knowledge of different message distribution techniques to ensure end-user communities understand and continually apply the required behavioral change necessary to reduce the 'human factors' risk.Stay current with cyber security threats and trends.Assist with training the user community on good security practices.Deliver and report key metrics to provide stakeholders situational awareness regarding the impact of the awareness program.Consistently deliver high quality work products that fully address the criteria for which they were intended, requires minimal modification.As a contributor, takes ownership for assigned areas of responsibility and effectively manages work load to meet team deadlinesProject confidence, poise and competence under pressure while interacting with team members, and partners.What we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... You\xe2\x80\x99ll need to have: Bachelor's degree in a computer related field or one or more years of work experience.One or more years of IT experience.Knowledge of information security and foundational principles.Knowledge of Microsoft Office / G-Suite tools. Even better if you have: A degree.One or more years of Security Awareness / Training or a similar background in the Security Education areas, preferably in a Fortune 100 or other large enterprise.Certifications: PMP, CISM.Experience with the process of eLearning design.Knowledge of running phishing campaigns with some experience using vendor phishing application.Solid understanding of Verizon business operations and knowledge of the foundational technologies used across environments.PC skills. #cybersecurityerp When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b"L&R is the largest distributor and the 6th largest purchaser of cosmetics in the United States. We now distribute over 40,000 items (cosmetics, toys, school supplies, hosiery, hair accessories, OTC, HBA and more) through 3 regional warehouse locations in Arkansas, New York, and California. We're currently seeking a Warehouse Operations Data Entry and Reporting Clerk for our brand new Training, Innovation, and Distribution Center in Monroe Township, NJ. This person will work an overlapping shift; the schedule will be Monday through Friday, 7:00AM-3:30PM.  The Warehouse Data Entry Clerk will provide administrative support by preparing reports, handling information requests, maintaining safety training records, reviewing time cards, and performing clerical functions such as preparing correspondence, receiving visitors, arranging conference calls, and scheduling meetings. May also train and supervise warehouse staff. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESMonitor replenishers and pickers, ensure they are following company standards at all timesEnsure employees on the floor are free of distractions such as faulty equipment or issues with binsCommunicate with other warehouse supervisors on daily task or issues that may surface throughout the work dayEnsure company policies are being enforcedEnsuring warehouse is accessible and safe for all employees and customer trafficAnswer company phone and take delivery appointments when neededPrepare invoices, reports, memos, letters, financial statements, and other documents, using word processing, spreadsheet, database, or presentation software.Open, sort, and distribute incoming correspondence, including faxes and email.Review operating practices and procedures to determine whether improvements can be made in areas such as workflow, reporting procedures, or expenditures.LEADERSHIPSupervise work through the planning and scheduling of work, and the review and approval of tasks. OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESComply with all safety policies, practices and procedures. Report all unsafe activities to supervisor and/or Human ResourcesParticipate in proactive team efforts to achieve departmental and company goals.Perform other duties as assigned.COMPUTER OPERATIONSIntermediate personal computer skills, including electronic mail, routine database activity, word processing, spreadsheet, graphics, etc.Data EntryExcel SkillsPHYSICAL ACTIVITY LEVELModerate physical activity performing somewhat strenuous daily activities of a primarily product/technical nature. Lifting up to 25 pounds on a regular basis.WORK SCHEDULE/HOURS Monday through Friday 7:00 AM to 3:30 PM EST, with variation based on business demands.  DISCLAIMER Management may, at its sole discretion, assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time."
b' The prime responsibility of this position is to safeguard patients, staff, visitors, buildings, grounds, assets and to maintain safe operations in all types of situations.# The position monitors and guides the work of the security department, and oversees daily work schedules to maintain security coverage twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week.# The Security Officer walks and drives around the premises to watch and patrol the hospital, offices, grounds, and property to protect against damage, theft, or harm caused by intruders.# Duties are performed unarmed and in cooperation with the local authorities. High School Diploma; 6 months experience in security operation, law enforcement or military police. Experience in a hospital setting preferred'
b'Job DescriptionSince no one knows the products that work for them better than our clients, Bruce Supply Corp. has long sought exceptionally knowledgeable professionals like you. We are actively seeking an Experienced Plumbing Supply Inside Sales Representative to directly support our New Jersey store location. If you are interested and qualified, we\xe2\x80\x99d love to speak with you. Please review the job requirements and qualifications and apply for immediate consideration.Job Requirements & Qualifications:Must have knowledge of Plumbing and Heating materialWriting, picking and packing merchandiseCommunicate directly with customersDetail orientedAble to work in a fast paced work environment with many interruptionsAble to work independently with minimal supervisionCustomer friendly, trustworthy, and approachableCareful, thorough, and accurateClear and concise in oral and written communicationsMulti-task and maintain focus when interruptedBe at ease with computer equipment and softwareMust be able to lift at least 65 pounds unassistedBruce Supply Corp. has been serving the plumbing industry in NYC and its surrounding area for over thirty years. We have always maintained our dedication to the old-fashioned values of quality products and customer service and pride ourselves on our continual pursuit of innovative technology throughout our product line. We are poised for additional expansion which means there are exciting opportunities for our people as well.Job Type: Full-time'
b" Overview Since its founding in 1992, Edgewood Properties has established itself as a leading real estate development and property management company. With corporate headquarters in New Jersey, the company is on a course of growth leading to activities across the nation.The company is currently seeking full-time Maintenance Technicians Level II with strong residential community experience for our beautiful apartment community, Fairways in Piscataway, NJ. Responsibilities Summary of Job Description:Responsible for executing maintenance requests by diagnosing problems and making repairs in order to maintain the physical condition of the community according to operating and safety standards and to ensure that service requests and repairs are made in a timely manner.Essential Job Functions:Diagnose and repair problems in such areas as HVAC, electrical, plumbing, major appliances, carpentry, emergency systems, flooring, hardware accessories, masonry, painting/wallpaper, water features (pools, spas, etc.), and waste management systems.Complete assigned service requests and repairs consistent with company operating and equipment/supply standards and in a timely manner.Assist with organizing and prioritizing service requests and general maintenance tasks.Ensure vacant apartment homes are rent-ready in a timely manner. Perform turnkey work as required.Maintain company customer service standards. Respond to resident requests and work with residents to minimize/resolve problems and complaints. Follow through to ensure issue is resolved.Apply all applicable EP policies and procedures such as, but not limited to company operating and safety standards. Promote safe work practices among on-site staff.Ensure compliance with all federal, state and local laws, specifically Fair Housing regulations.Non-Essential Job Functions:All other tasks or duties as assigned by the supervisor.May supervise the work of other associates and outside contractors.Must maintain professional appearance including adherence to dress code as required. Qualifications Qualifications:Education: High School diploma or equivalent (GED) preferred.Experience: 3 - 5 years of experience in property management maintenance and or a related field.Skills:Ability to read and write English as demonstrated by clear and concise written and verbal communications, the ability to read maintenance tickets and the ability to read and understand labels on containers of cleaning and chemical supplies.Ability to perform basic arithmetic skills such as measurement, addition, subtraction, multiplication and division in order to do basic calculations and analysis such as estimating, determining averages and percentages, and totals.Ability to occasionally operate general office equipment such as, but not limited to, personal computer, telephone, photocopying machine, facsimile machine and postage machine.Ability to frequently use general maintenance tools, supplies and equipment such as, but not limited to, hand tools, pressure washers, blowers, paint equipment, pool chemicals, ice removal equipment, ladders, landscaping equipment, sandblasters, and safety equipment.Ability to frequently handle and use chemicals and general cleaning supplies.Ability to frequently transport up to 60 pounds variable distances, the mobility and flexibility to use required equipment and to access and work in restricted spaces or at heights in excess of 8 - 9 feet.Ability to frequently operate motorized vehicles such as, but not limited to, a car, truck, van or golf cart.Ability to frequently stand, walk, stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl, and climb (stairs, ladders, etc.).Licenses/Certifications:Valid driver's license and automobile insurance.Other:Participate in the Emergency On-Call rotation for the property.Live within 45 minutes' drive of the community.Your schedule will be based on the business needs and is subject to change at any timeMay be asked to perform the work of a Maintenance Technician I.In return, we offer competitive compensation, along with comprehensive benefits, including medical and dental and vision benefits, life insurance, a 401(k) and a corporate team environment. For immediate consideration, please apply online or email your resume with salary requirements directly to Human Resources.You will be required to pass a background check and drug screen.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status."
b" Description  Buckle up, hit the open road and start making hungry people happy as a delivery driver for Pizza Hut\xc2\xae. That's right, we'll pay you to cruise around in your mobile office your car listening to your own tunes and delivering great pizza and pasta. What more could you want? Independence, good music and great food with tips! Sound good? Requirements Besides your smile, energy and reliable set of wheels, here's what you'll need for this job: Job skills/requirements:A clean driving record: If you're on a first name basis with the people at traffic court, this probably isn't the right job for you. Safety is our priority. You'll also need a valid driver's license, insurance and reliable vehicle.Friendly demeanor: Smile, tell a joke treat our customers like you would your family and friends. Think of it this way - a smile and a kind word can mean the difference between a wallet full of tips and just some extra change for your cup holder.Keen sense of direction: You should know how to read a map and find your way around your delivery area. Think of all of the short cuts you'll learn!Age restrictions: Our delivery drivers need to be at least 18 years old.Dress the part: We'll provide you with a uniform. We just ask that you keep it clean and come to work wearing it.Just a few more things: You'll need some basic math skills, the desire to work as part of a team and enthusiasm for learning."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b"Unlock Your Real Estate Career Dreams- We\xe2\x80\x99ll Help You Succeed!About the CompanyRealEstateSINY.com is a game-changing real estate broker and technology startup located in Staten Island, NY. with the goal of improving the lives of Realtors, homebuyers and sellers, RealEstateSINY.com created a digital platform and real estate service that focuses on top of the line marketing, sells homes faster and shifts control over to those who matter most: consumers. Having proven the effectiveness of the SI-Dex model in 2014 and grown rapidly, RealEstateSINY.com is expanding to New Jersey in 2018. About the PositionWe're seeking a licensed agent or associate broker to work with our SI-Dex team and home buyers and sellers in the Staten Island, New York area. SI-Dex home sellers will have complete transperacy and for the entire transaction and we go around the MLS, social media platforms to target home buyers directly with sophisticated marketing that we are pioneering in real estate. Transactions are managed with support from the SI-Dex tech platform and team, which include marketers, customer support, transaction coordinators, and licensed agents. Benefits working with usYour success is important to us at RealEstateSINY.com- it\xe2\x80\x99s our most valuable asset. And it really shows! Our agents consistently rank among the top producers on Staten Island!- Most brokers will toss you into the field with a \xe2\x80\x9csink or swim\xe2\x80\x9d mentality. If you put in the time and effort, we will stand behind you 100% and offer security for your future. By helping people through a trying time, you will feel an enormous satisfaction while smashing your own earnings goals. - Did you know that over 92% of homebuyers use the Internet to find their next home? We believe in the power of technology to give our sales agents an edge in a competitive market.For agents working with us, we offer:- Trainings and role-playing sessions to improve sales skills so you can close the deal and make more money! - Professional video marketing, including aerial drone video and home tours hosted by on-camera talent - More attention means greater success for you! A tech-focused model that gives you online exposure unlike any other local real estate company will! - SI-Dex An internally managed home value platform allowing you to reach out to leads directly of people interested in selling. - Social media reach to over 10,000 local followers, who we attract based on interest in Staten Island real estate. - In-house public relations including professional video, articles for every home listing, full neighborhood profile pages, and more! - One-on-one trainings for agents to help them excel in our innovative technologies and sales tactics - Assistance with prospecting, photography, and top quality listing presentations. Job ResponsibilitiesThe RealEstateSINY.com agent/associate broker will:Support sales efforts across the area, doing pitches and contributing area knowledge and agent/broker experience to secure listings and meet or exceed company listing goalsPromote and increase SI-Dex's marketing and lead generation efforts with networking and direct sales to personal contactsConduct market analysis, perform comps to estimate the homes value based upon data and a home quality assessment provided by sold and pending dataCompare with sellers desired price and decide to accept / reject each listingIf seller is accepted, agree to price and terms, guided by SI-Dex listing agreementOnce listing agreement is signed be accountable for customer satisfaction; act as the RealEstateSINY.com point person for sellers and be available as much as possible 24x7 with customer service / RealEstateSINY.com team backupSupport efforts by the SI-Dex team to set up and market each listingSupport sellers through negotiation and purchase agreement signingOversee creation of buyers board packages by the SI-Dex team to encourage approvalsWork with attorneys through the escrow and closing process to ensure the process progresses, address issues and encourage timely, successful closingsIntegrate closely with customer service; be a resource for them, providing input to scripts, question triage, and answers to customer service questions as neededParticipate in 2-3 weekly company meetings, provide regular progress updates and data, and contribute to development of a blueprint for SI-DexAre you ready to take your career to the next level? Are you ready to work hard, play hard, and join a company that mastered the pulse of a changing real estate market, we\xe2\x80\x99d love to hear from you! At RealEstateSINY.com, we look forward to kicking off your exciting future in real estate. "
b' To provide staff to all units on the East Mountain Youth Lodge on the day, evening and night shifts utilizing approved staffing patterns and acuity data. Reporting to the Director of Adolescent Residential Services, schedules staff to all of the East Mountain Youth Lodge programs according to the approved staffing patterns. This is done with the oversight of the Program Supervisor management team. Assists EMYL management team in a variety of functions to ensure program efficiencies such as regulatory record keeping, chart audits and other processes. High School Diploma Required One year in customer service or patient care setting required Preferred one year staffing/scheduling experience in a healthcare setting'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Reporting to the Director of Laboratory Services, this position provides X-Ray services to various impatient patients in a professional and timely manner. Associates degree required. Bachelor#s degree preferred; One year behavioral health experience preferred. Completion of an approved school of Radiology Science.'
b'New Brunswick ESL/ELL Tutoring Jobs. Get paid twice weekly tutoring ESL/ELL in New Brunswick. Tutoring on the Varsity Tutors platform is flexible - apply today. Tutors set their own hours, choose the opportunities that interest them, and can tutor in-person or online.'
b"Job DetailsJob Location Edison - Edison, NJJob Shift DayDescriptionC+A Global is a leading international manufacturer based in Central New Jersey, who is the supplier of thousands of cool and unique electronics, cameras, photography equipment and accessories in the consumer marketplace. C+A Global owns and operates its own stores and online imaging business, RitzPix. It has the exclusive licenses of private brands such as Polaroid, Zink, Skymall, Ivation and LyxPro just to name a few! With our outstanding, award-winning products being released every year, our brands attract the attention of well-known media outlets such as the Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Today Show, and The New York Times! Our company continues to expand in growth and as one of the world's largest and most diverse online retailers we are excited to create new opportunities for job seekers! Apply now and Join our team!  We are looking for a Warehouse Wave Planner for our Edison office. The Wave Planner will assist the Warehouse department in prioritizing work flow throughout the distribution center in order to meet business needs. The Wave Planner will be responsible for wave planning, coordinating orders with customer service, tracking the progress of waves, releasing work to the floor and maintaining communication with the operations management team. RESPONSIBILITIES:Resolve order product shortages and manages order cutsReview and update base priorities weekly to reduce manual priority changesUpdates the wave load sheets and print orders to dispatchAssigns and monitors distribution including staging, wave times and pick assignments for various loadsEnsures proper order allocation by shipment ID or shipment line depending on the loadPrioritizes all inbound and outbound loads and prepares loading reportsPriorities all loads to make sure loads are in the queueReviews both inbounds and outbound loads for discrepancies, any shortages filed or special request before closing out trucksTroubleshoot and correct system problemsDESIRIED SKILLS:Ability to work in a fast-paced environmentDetail and deadline- orientedComputer skills including warehouse management system, Microsoft Office, ExcelQualificationsHigh school diploma or GED1-2 years of related experiencePrevious experience working in a distribution center environmentWhat We Offer!United Healthcare Benefits (Health, Vision, Dental)10-15 Paid Holidays Off!Short/Long Term Disability 100% Company PaidLife Insurance 100% Company Paid401K Options!Great Employee Discounts!Great opportunity to work for a growing and exciting company!All applicants are subject to a background screening CA Global is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status."
b" As a wholly owned subsidiary of Xerox Corporation, Stewart, A Xerox Company provides you with a solid foundation to build a successful and long term career. For over 50 years, we have maintained strong alliances with leaders who are at the forefront of emerging technologies. Stewart offers you the confidence that you are affiliated with a company that is customer focused, growth oriented, locally operated, fun, and will be here for many years to come.  This position will be responsible for the following duties in our North Jersey marketplace: Collect printer meter readings at customer siteTag new or additional printers not currently on contractRecord model numbers, serial numbers, IP addresses, and physical device locationsEducate and present automated meter acquisition process to customersCoordinate installation of the solution with field service representativesUpdate internal account information (spreadsheets/database) with any new equipment added to contractsReconcile printer data with equipment listed on contracts over timePerform other duties as assigned Qualifications Valid driver's license, insurance driving record, and reliable transportationProficiency using Microsoft Office; intermediate skill level in ExcelExcellent verbal communication skillsCustomer service focusPersonal drive and accountabilityPrevious customer service experience desired but not requiredEOE. Qualified women and minorities encouraged to apply.0"
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Responsible for providing 24 hour care on a close, personal basis and assisting in establishing an appropriate home environment that provides supervision and support for a range of daily living activities for group home residents and day to day household functions of the lodge. Valid Driver#s License Required.# All Residential Counselor positions may include weekend hours. # IRTS Level of Care (Swan) Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/ university preferably in social work, psychology or related field AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting. 22:30-9:00 Week 1 # 2: Sunday, Monday'
b" JOB DESCRIPTION Travel Registered Nurse RN PediatricsCity: MORRISTOWN, New Jersey  Specialty: RN - PEDS - PEDIATRICS  Shift: 12.00 hr - AM Shift  Start Date: Immediate  OneStaff Medical has an assignment available for a Travel Registered Nurse RN Pediatrics  Join the OneStaff Medical Team of Healthcare professionals as a Travel Registered Nurse RN Pediatrics Job Requirements: 1) Minimum one year of current work experience within the same specialty of application..  2) Current state Healthcare Provider license or willing to obtain  3) Current certifications required to work in specialty. IE: BLS, ACLS, NRP, STABLE, AWHONN, TNCC, PALS, ENPC, & etc.  While working as a Traveling Healthcare Professional with OneStaff Medical you will enjoy top-tier benefits such as:  Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance 401K Weekly Pay through Direct Deposit  Guaranteed Hours  Licensure Reimbursement  24/7 Personal Contact  We understand that you need someone to trust during your career search. We work closely with our healthcare professionals to provide a simple and easy application process that leads to career-expanding and exciting assignments.  If you're ready to earn top dollar, leverage your skills, and enjoy the adventure of a lifetime, begin your journey as a Travel Healthcare Professional with OneStaff Medical.  If you have any questions or would like to discuss a particular position please feel free to call a recruiter at 877-783-1483 or email info@onestaffmedical.com READY TO GET STARTED?"
b'Job Description:Work as an individual contributor for transformational projects in an ERP environment.Work directly with clients at team and project management levels to guide complex projects and develop innovative solutionsFocus on business process re-engineering efforts, technology enablement, and related change management.Earn trusted client status and build relationships that extend beyond the project\xe2\x80\x99s lifecycleResponsibilities of Role:Collaborate in the development of strong value propositions for transformational initiativesApply knowledge of the business processes for developing and testing ERP functions associated with business operations.Collaborate in workshops (solution architecting, requirements gathering) with business managers, client staff, and end-users to determine business and functional requirementsConfigure ERP systems and engage in development efforts to meet client business requirementsConduct knowledge transfer and training of end-users, including sharing best practicesQualifications:Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Business, Computer Science, Math, Engineering, or equivalent discipline requiredA minimum of five (5) years prior professional consulting or equivalent business process industryAt least five (5) years of hands-on systems configuration experience within a leading ERP module (Oracle, SAP, SFDC)Successful completion of at least one full life cycle implementations of an ERP systemStrong communication and presentation skillsStrong ability to engage in discussions and negotiate mutually beneficial solutions when necessaryWillingness to travel 100% on a weekly basis to client locations"'
b"Job Description:Tax Manager Edison, NJ (Full-Time)  Tax Manager  Edison, New Jersey  Full-Time  Are you seeking a new opportunity that will enable you to develop your talent to become a future leader and ambassador of our profession? If so, we may have the answer!  Mazars USA is growing nationally and internationally, and you can be part of it!  Mazars USA LLP office in Edison, New Jersey is seeking high performing Tax Managers who are as passionate about providing meaningful insight to businesses and individuals as they are about investing in their own professional growth. Our ambition is to transform today's high performers into tomorrow's leaders through on-the-job training, continued professional education, in-house development programs and customized training where appropriate.  As a Tax Manager, you will be responsible for providing the highest levels of client service working with Staff accountants, Seniors and Partners as well as interacting with clients in a range of markets and industries. You will be required to: Job Description:Review complex partnership and corporate returnsReview tax provisionsResearch issues involved in federal, state and local tax planning projectsDeal with the IRS, state and local authorities, representation of clients at auditsConduct tax research using CCH, RIA and BNAReview and maintain budgetsKeep partners updated about the status of the engagementMaintain client relationsSupervise work of staff and senior accountantsVisit potential client sites for business proposalsJob Requirements:6-10 years public accounting experienceExcellent technical background developed from preparing and reviewing income tax returnsfor all types of entitiesStrong computer skills. Knowledge of Wolters Kluwer/CCH Suite is a plusStrong organization, communication and analytical skills"
b"Job Description Duties/Responsibilities: At Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers' financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. We're looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you'll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.  Consumer Lending is an industry leader in supporting homeowners and consumers. Our group includes Home Lending, Personal Lending, and Wells Fargo Auto, and the professional services teams that partner with these businesses. Our foundation for success can be summarized in three beliefs: Our product is service. Our value added is financial advice and guidance. Our competitive advantage is our people. We've built our team of top professionals by rewarding their accomplishments and ensuring they have what's needed to succeed.  Join the #1 Mortgage originator and servicer ( Source: Inside Mortgage Finance )  Our Mortgage Origination team builds strong relationships with consumers and referral partners to help our customers reach their personal and financial goals through homeownership.  This SAFE position has customer contact and job duties which may include the offering/negotiating of terms and/or taking an application for a dwelling secured transaction. As such, this position requires compliance with the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 and all related regulations. Ongoing employment is contingent upon meeting all such requirements, including acceptable background investigation results. Individuals in a SAFE position also must meet the Loan Originator requirements under Regulation Z (LO) outlined in the job expectations below.  We have an immediate opening for a Retail Sales Supervisor (Sales Manager). This individual is responsible for coaching, directing and managing the sales activities of a small group of residential Home Mortgage Consultants (at a minimum of 3 and maximum of 7 sales origination direct reports) under the direction of a Branch Sales Manager. Partner with Branch Sales Manager in ensuring compliance and control through risk management. Manage personal and teams pipeline to effectively manage customer loyalty. Also responsible for producing high quality loans that meet Wells Fargo Home Mortgage guidelines by building relationships with realtors, builders, financial planners, bank stores, past customers, and other nontraditional source while providing excellent customer service. Strong sales and organizational skills are essential. Bi-lingual job seekers are encouraged to apply. Additional duties include:Develop knowledge of company products, policies and procedures, and underwriting requirementsUnderstand real estate appraisals, title reports, and real estate transactionsInform prospective and existing customers of WFHM programs, rates, policies, underwriting requirements, and loan proceduresAnalyze detailed financial and credit data, matching customer needs with an appropriate loan program and level of riskReceive customer applications, quote the rate and points, and complete follow-up activities with the registration lock-inDevelop and maintains a high degree of visibility and credibility for WFHM in the marketplacePerform miscellaneous duties as needed and requiredRequired Qualifications3+ years of sales experience, mortgage industry experience, or a combination of bothDesired QualificationsBasic Microsoft Office skillsExcellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skillsMortgage industry experienceKnowledge and understanding of sales prospecting and generating referralsBilingual speaking proficiency in Spanish/EnglishCustomer service experienceA BS/BA degree or higher1+ year of leadership or management experienceOther Desired QualificationsDocumented retail residential mortgage fundings over the past 12 months referred primarily from established, local, external sources1+ year of data analysis experience (Free Form)1 + year of recruiting experience (Free form)Job ExpectationsThis position requires SAFE registration at the time of employment. Wells Fargo will initiate the SAFE registration process immediately after your employment start date. The Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System (NMLS) web site (http://fedregistry.nationwidelicensingsystem.org ) provides the MU4R questions and registration required for employment in this position.Individuals in Loan Originator (LO) positions must meet the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau qualification requirements and comply with related Wells Fargo policies. The LO qualification requirements include meeting applicable financial responsibility, character, general financial fitness and criminal background standards. A current credit report will be used to assess your financial responsibility and credit fitness, however, a credit score is not included as part of the evaluation. Successful candidates must also meet ongoing regulatory requirements including additional screening, if necessary.Ability to lift 20+ poundsReliable transportationAbility to work nights, weekends, and/or holidays as needed or scheduledThis position requires compliance with all mortgage regulatory requirements and Wells Fargo's compliance policies related to these requirements including acceptable background check investigation results. Successful candidates must also meet ongoing regulatory requirements including additional screening and required reporting of certain incidents.DisclaimerAll offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.  Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation."
b'The Home Loan Consultant will originate first and second residential mortgages through building external referral sources such as realtors, builders, attorneys.  Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Originate first and second mortgages.Prequalify customers based on credit criteria.Build relationships with external referral sources.Communicate effectively with customers, referral sources.Manage pipeline of customers through frequent communication methods.Provide high level customer service.Required Skills:Strong technical experience with origination systems.Strong knowledge of mortgage programs and products.Required Experience:High School Diploma or GED and a minimum of two (2) years mortgage origination experience.Complies with the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act (S.A.F.E. Act) requirements and registration requirements.College degree preferred.'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b"Job Description:Tax SeniorPrivate Client ServicesNew JerseyAre you seeking the opportunity to develop your talent into a meaningful career with a firm that enables you to do more, to learn more and grow faster? If so, we have the answer!Mazars USA is growing nationally and internationally, and you can be part of it! Mazars USA LLP in New Jersey is seeking high performing Tax Seniors who are as passionate about providing meaningful insight to businesses and individuals as they are about investing in their own professional growth. Our ambition is to transform today's high performers into tomorrow's leaders through on-the-job training, continued professional education, in-house development programs and customized training where appropriate.  As a Tax Senior, you will be responsible for providing the highest levels of client service working with staff accountants, managers and Partners as well as interacting with clients in a range of markets and industries.  The ideal candidate will be able to:  Prepare complex individual income tax returns and projections  Prepare partnership, corporate and fiduciary returns  Research issues involved in federal, state and local tax planning projects  Deal with the IRS, state and local authorities, representation of clients at audits  Tax research using CCH, RIA and BNA  Review and maintain budgets  Keep partners updated about the status of the engagement  Maintain client relations  Supervise work of staff accountants  Visit potential client sites for business proposals Job Requirements: 3+ years public accounting experience  Excellent technical background developed from preparing and reviewing income tax returns  for all types of entities  Pursuit of CPA or EA required  Strong computer skills. Knowledge of ProSystem Suite is a plus  Strong organization, communication and analytical skills"
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... This position will be part of the Corporate Information Security team focused on security awareness. Specifically, this role will coordinate security awareness activities and initiatives designed to influence employee and contractor behavior. Ultimately, this role is focused on reducing risk to our organization by ensuring all individuals with access to Verizon information resources understand and follow our security requirements and behave in a secure and responsible manner. Ensure that our security awareness program communicates our security policies and requirements so that people know, understand and can follow them.Support security awareness initiatives as assigned to help minimize the human threat to Verizon information assets.Create a positive program that engages information systems users and helps them to be vigilant at work and home to help guard against security threats.Leverage opportunities to expand employee knowledge through remedial training, campaigns, education fairs and events.Active participation in strategic initiatives in accordance to the E&A roadmap.Ability to form complex 'communications / messages' in a simple, clear and concise manner to the various communities within our organization.Clearly and concisely communicates verbally to articulate security awareness messages.Project management experience and the ability to plan, manage, maintain and sustain a complex, organization wide program long-term.Demonstrate practical knowledge of different message distribution techniques to ensure end-user communities understand and continually apply the required behavioral change necessary to reduce the 'human factors' risk.Stay current with cyber security threats and trends.Assist with training the user community on good security practices.Deliver and report key metrics to provide stakeholders situational awareness regarding the impact of the awareness program.Consistently deliver high quality work products that fully address the criteria for which they were intended, requires minimal modification.As a contributor, takes ownership for assigned areas of responsibility and effectively manages work load to meet team deadlinesProject confidence, poise and competence under pressure while interacting with team members, and partners.What we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... You\xe2\x80\x99ll need to have: Bachelor's degree in a computer related field or one or more years of work experience.One or more years of IT experience.Knowledge of information security and foundational principles.Knowledge of Microsoft Office / G-Suite tools. Even better if you have: A degree.One or more years of Security Awareness / Training or a similar background in the Security Education areas, preferably in a Fortune 100 or other large enterprise.Certifications: PMP, CISM.Experience with the process of eLearning design.Knowledge of running phishing campaigns with some experience using vendor phishing application.Solid understanding of Verizon business operations and knowledge of the foundational technologies used across environments.PC skills. #cybersecurityerp When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b"L&R is the largest distributor and the 6th largest purchaser of cosmetics in the United States. We now distribute over 40,000 items (cosmetics, toys, school supplies, hosiery, hair accessories, OTC, HBA and more) through 3 regional warehouse locations in Arkansas, New York, and California. We're currently seeking a Warehouse Operations Data Entry and Reporting Clerk for our brand new Training, Innovation, and Distribution Center in Monroe Township, NJ. This person will work an overlapping shift; the schedule will be Monday through Friday, 7:00AM-3:30PM.  The Warehouse Data Entry Clerk will provide administrative support by preparing reports, handling information requests, maintaining safety training records, reviewing time cards, and performing clerical functions such as preparing correspondence, receiving visitors, arranging conference calls, and scheduling meetings. May also train and supervise warehouse staff. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESMonitor replenishers and pickers, ensure they are following company standards at all timesEnsure employees on the floor are free of distractions such as faulty equipment or issues with binsCommunicate with other warehouse supervisors on daily task or issues that may surface throughout the work dayEnsure company policies are being enforcedEnsuring warehouse is accessible and safe for all employees and customer trafficAnswer company phone and take delivery appointments when neededPrepare invoices, reports, memos, letters, financial statements, and other documents, using word processing, spreadsheet, database, or presentation software.Open, sort, and distribute incoming correspondence, including faxes and email.Review operating practices and procedures to determine whether improvements can be made in areas such as workflow, reporting procedures, or expenditures.LEADERSHIPSupervise work through the planning and scheduling of work, and the review and approval of tasks. OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESComply with all safety policies, practices and procedures. Report all unsafe activities to supervisor and/or Human ResourcesParticipate in proactive team efforts to achieve departmental and company goals.Perform other duties as assigned.COMPUTER OPERATIONSIntermediate personal computer skills, including electronic mail, routine database activity, word processing, spreadsheet, graphics, etc.Data EntryExcel SkillsPHYSICAL ACTIVITY LEVELModerate physical activity performing somewhat strenuous daily activities of a primarily product/technical nature. Lifting up to 25 pounds on a regular basis.WORK SCHEDULE/HOURS Monday through Friday 7:00 AM to 3:30 PM EST, with variation based on business demands.  DISCLAIMER Management may, at its sole discretion, assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time."
b'Job DescriptionSince no one knows the products that work for them better than our clients, Bruce Supply Corp. has long sought exceptionally knowledgeable professionals like you. We are actively seeking an Experienced Plumbing Supply Inside Sales Representative to directly support our New Jersey store location. If you are interested and qualified, we\xe2\x80\x99d love to speak with you. Please review the job requirements and qualifications and apply for immediate consideration.Job Requirements & Qualifications:Must have knowledge of Plumbing and Heating materialWriting, picking and packing merchandiseCommunicate directly with customersDetail orientedAble to work in a fast paced work environment with many interruptionsAble to work independently with minimal supervisionCustomer friendly, trustworthy, and approachableCareful, thorough, and accurateClear and concise in oral and written communicationsMulti-task and maintain focus when interruptedBe at ease with computer equipment and softwareMust be able to lift at least 65 pounds unassistedBruce Supply Corp. has been serving the plumbing industry in NYC and its surrounding area for over thirty years. We have always maintained our dedication to the old-fashioned values of quality products and customer service and pride ourselves on our continual pursuit of innovative technology throughout our product line. We are poised for additional expansion which means there are exciting opportunities for our people as well.Job Type: Full-time'
b" Description  Buckle up, hit the open road and start making hungry people happy as a delivery driver for Pizza Hut\xc2\xae. That's right, we'll pay you to cruise around in your mobile office your car listening to your own tunes and delivering great pizza and pasta. What more could you want? Independence, good music and great food with tips! Sound good? Requirements Besides your smile, energy and reliable set of wheels, here's what you'll need for this job: Job skills/requirements:A clean driving record: If you're on a first name basis with the people at traffic court, this probably isn't the right job for you. Safety is our priority. You'll also need a valid driver's license, insurance and reliable vehicle.Friendly demeanor: Smile, tell a joke treat our customers like you would your family and friends. Think of it this way - a smile and a kind word can mean the difference between a wallet full of tips and just some extra change for your cup holder.Keen sense of direction: You should know how to read a map and find your way around your delivery area. Think of all of the short cuts you'll learn!Age restrictions: Our delivery drivers need to be at least 18 years old.Dress the part: We'll provide you with a uniform. We just ask that you keep it clean and come to work wearing it.Just a few more things: You'll need some basic math skills, the desire to work as part of a team and enthusiasm for learning."
b"Unlock Your Real Estate Career Dreams- We\xe2\x80\x99ll Help You Succeed!About the CompanyRealEstateSINY.com is a game-changing real estate broker and technology startup located in Staten Island, NY. with the goal of improving the lives of Realtors, homebuyers and sellers, RealEstateSINY.com created a digital platform and real estate service that focuses on top of the line marketing, sells homes faster and shifts control over to those who matter most: consumers. Having proven the effectiveness of the SI-Dex model in 2014 and grown rapidly, RealEstateSINY.com is expanding to New Jersey in 2018. About the PositionWe're seeking a licensed agent or associate broker to work with our SI-Dex team and home buyers and sellers in the Staten Island, New York area. SI-Dex home sellers will have complete transperacy and for the entire transaction and we go around the MLS, social media platforms to target home buyers directly with sophisticated marketing that we are pioneering in real estate. Transactions are managed with support from the SI-Dex tech platform and team, which include marketers, customer support, transaction coordinators, and licensed agents. Benefits working with usYour success is important to us at RealEstateSINY.com- it\xe2\x80\x99s our most valuable asset. And it really shows! Our agents consistently rank among the top producers on Staten Island!- Most brokers will toss you into the field with a \xe2\x80\x9csink or swim\xe2\x80\x9d mentality. If you put in the time and effort, we will stand behind you 100% and offer security for your future. By helping people through a trying time, you will feel an enormous satisfaction while smashing your own earnings goals. - Did you know that over 92% of homebuyers use the Internet to find their next home? We believe in the power of technology to give our sales agents an edge in a competitive market.For agents working with us, we offer:- Trainings and role-playing sessions to improve sales skills so you can close the deal and make more money! - Professional video marketing, including aerial drone video and home tours hosted by on-camera talent - More attention means greater success for you! A tech-focused model that gives you online exposure unlike any other local real estate company will! - SI-Dex An internally managed home value platform allowing you to reach out to leads directly of people interested in selling. - Social media reach to over 10,000 local followers, who we attract based on interest in Staten Island real estate. - In-house public relations including professional video, articles for every home listing, full neighborhood profile pages, and more! - One-on-one trainings for agents to help them excel in our innovative technologies and sales tactics - Assistance with prospecting, photography, and top quality listing presentations. Job ResponsibilitiesThe RealEstateSINY.com agent/associate broker will:Support sales efforts across the area, doing pitches and contributing area knowledge and agent/broker experience to secure listings and meet or exceed company listing goalsPromote and increase SI-Dex's marketing and lead generation efforts with networking and direct sales to personal contactsConduct market analysis, perform comps to estimate the homes value based upon data and a home quality assessment provided by sold and pending dataCompare with sellers desired price and decide to accept / reject each listingIf seller is accepted, agree to price and terms, guided by SI-Dex listing agreementOnce listing agreement is signed be accountable for customer satisfaction; act as the RealEstateSINY.com point person for sellers and be available as much as possible 24x7 with customer service / RealEstateSINY.com team backupSupport efforts by the SI-Dex team to set up and market each listingSupport sellers through negotiation and purchase agreement signingOversee creation of buyers board packages by the SI-Dex team to encourage approvalsWork with attorneys through the escrow and closing process to ensure the process progresses, address issues and encourage timely, successful closingsIntegrate closely with customer service; be a resource for them, providing input to scripts, question triage, and answers to customer service questions as neededParticipate in 2-3 weekly company meetings, provide regular progress updates and data, and contribute to development of a blueprint for SI-DexAre you ready to take your career to the next level? Are you ready to work hard, play hard, and join a company that mastered the pulse of a changing real estate market, we\xe2\x80\x99d love to hear from you! At RealEstateSINY.com, we look forward to kicking off your exciting future in real estate. "
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Reporting to the Director of Laboratory Services, this position provides X-Ray services to various impatient patients in a professional and timely manner. Associates degree required. Bachelor#s degree preferred; One year behavioral health experience preferred. Completion of an approved school of Radiology Science.'
b"Job DetailsJob Location Edison - Edison, NJJob Shift DayDescriptionC+A Global is a leading international manufacturer based in Central New Jersey, who is the supplier of thousands of cool and unique electronics, cameras, photography equipment and accessories in the consumer marketplace. C+A Global owns and operates its own stores and online imaging business, RitzPix. It has the exclusive licenses of private brands such as Polaroid, Zink, Skymall, Ivation and LyxPro just to name a few! With our outstanding, award-winning products being released every year, our brands attract the attention of well-known media outlets such as the Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Today Show, and The New York Times! Our company continues to expand in growth and as one of the world's largest and most diverse online retailers we are excited to create new opportunities for job seekers! Apply now and Join our team!  We are looking for a Warehouse Wave Planner for our Edison office. The Wave Planner will assist the Warehouse department in prioritizing work flow throughout the distribution center in order to meet business needs. The Wave Planner will be responsible for wave planning, coordinating orders with customer service, tracking the progress of waves, releasing work to the floor and maintaining communication with the operations management team. RESPONSIBILITIES:Resolve order product shortages and manages order cutsReview and update base priorities weekly to reduce manual priority changesUpdates the wave load sheets and print orders to dispatchAssigns and monitors distribution including staging, wave times and pick assignments for various loadsEnsures proper order allocation by shipment ID or shipment line depending on the loadPrioritizes all inbound and outbound loads and prepares loading reportsPriorities all loads to make sure loads are in the queueReviews both inbounds and outbound loads for discrepancies, any shortages filed or special request before closing out trucksTroubleshoot and correct system problemsDESIRIED SKILLS:Ability to work in a fast-paced environmentDetail and deadline- orientedComputer skills including warehouse management system, Microsoft Office, ExcelQualificationsHigh school diploma or GED1-2 years of related experiencePrevious experience working in a distribution center environmentWhat We Offer!United Healthcare Benefits (Health, Vision, Dental)10-15 Paid Holidays Off!Short/Long Term Disability 100% Company PaidLife Insurance 100% Company Paid401K Options!Great Employee Discounts!Great opportunity to work for a growing and exciting company!All applicants are subject to a background screening CA Global is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" JOB DESCRIPTION Travel Registered Nurse RN PediatricsCity: MORRISTOWN, New Jersey  Specialty: RN - PEDS - PEDIATRICS  Shift: 12.00 hr - AM Shift  Start Date: Immediate  OneStaff Medical has an assignment available for a Travel Registered Nurse RN Pediatrics  Join the OneStaff Medical Team of Healthcare professionals as a Travel Registered Nurse RN Pediatrics Job Requirements: 1) Minimum one year of current work experience within the same specialty of application..  2) Current state Healthcare Provider license or willing to obtain  3) Current certifications required to work in specialty. IE: BLS, ACLS, NRP, STABLE, AWHONN, TNCC, PALS, ENPC, & etc.  While working as a Traveling Healthcare Professional with OneStaff Medical you will enjoy top-tier benefits such as:  Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance 401K Weekly Pay through Direct Deposit  Guaranteed Hours  Licensure Reimbursement  24/7 Personal Contact  We understand that you need someone to trust during your career search. We work closely with our healthcare professionals to provide a simple and easy application process that leads to career-expanding and exciting assignments.  If you're ready to earn top dollar, leverage your skills, and enjoy the adventure of a lifetime, begin your journey as a Travel Healthcare Professional with OneStaff Medical.  If you have any questions or would like to discuss a particular position please feel free to call a recruiter at 877-783-1483 or email info@onestaffmedical.com READY TO GET STARTED?"
b"Job Description:Tax Manager Edison, NJ (Full-Time)  Tax Manager  Edison, New Jersey  Full-Time  Are you seeking a new opportunity that will enable you to develop your talent to become a future leader and ambassador of our profession? If so, we may have the answer!  Mazars USA is growing nationally and internationally, and you can be part of it!  Mazars USA LLP office in Edison, New Jersey is seeking high performing Tax Managers who are as passionate about providing meaningful insight to businesses and individuals as they are about investing in their own professional growth. Our ambition is to transform today's high performers into tomorrow's leaders through on-the-job training, continued professional education, in-house development programs and customized training where appropriate.  As a Tax Manager, you will be responsible for providing the highest levels of client service working with Staff accountants, Seniors and Partners as well as interacting with clients in a range of markets and industries. You will be required to: Job Description:Review complex partnership and corporate returnsReview tax provisionsResearch issues involved in federal, state and local tax planning projectsDeal with the IRS, state and local authorities, representation of clients at auditsConduct tax research using CCH, RIA and BNAReview and maintain budgetsKeep partners updated about the status of the engagementMaintain client relationsSupervise work of staff and senior accountantsVisit potential client sites for business proposalsJob Requirements:6-10 years public accounting experienceExcellent technical background developed from preparing and reviewing income tax returnsfor all types of entitiesStrong computer skills. Knowledge of Wolters Kluwer/CCH Suite is a plusStrong organization, communication and analytical skills"
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" Position OverviewThe Sales Head expands market of HOBS by directing and supporting collaborative sales efforts to grow HOBS globally. The Sales Head identifies the market for  HOBS solution primarily within Communication Media and Information domain but can expand it to other domains as well, defines and operationalized the marketing and sales strategy,collaborated with sales, presales and delivery teams and converts opportunities to business.  Reporting to the Head of Offering, the Sales Head is responsible for achieving sales quota in HOBS, and for supporting the product-line success of an assigned  team of sales associatesJob Responsibilities\xe2\x80\xa2 Meets assigned targets for profitable sales growth Lead demand-generating marketing activities.Provides coaching and professional development to team-member sales associates in order to enhance their product knowledge and sales skills.Establish productive, professional relationships with key personnel in assigned customer accounts.Coordinate the customer involvement of other company personnel when needed, including support resources, team members, and management.Handle legal contracts and pricing ( P&L)Lead end to end sales cycle \xe2\x80\x93 Lead Creation, Opportunity Management, Proposal preparation, Proposal Defense, Alliances, Contract and Commercial negotiations Manage CXO level relations & expectationManage relationships with other vendors and partnersLiaisons with marketing agencies, analysts and event organizers for marketing solutionEvolve different business models Accountability and Performance Measures Achieves assigned product sales quota.Achieves product growth targetsMaintains high customer satisfaction ratings that meet company standards.Qualifications and Traits\xe2\x80\xa2 MBA ( Sales or Marketing )Minimum 12 years of sales experience in a business-to-business, large/strategic customer segment, product sales with atleast 3 years of experience in Telecom software product sales. Good understanding of Telcom domain \xe2\x80\x93 functionallyGood awareness of Telecom future needsPeople management skillsTime management & presentation skillsEloquent in oral & written EnglishStrong leadership & conflict management skillsStrong influencing & collaborating skillsDecision making skills in a fast paced environment Job Location Would need to travel globallyJob location can be based out of Our Client's office in Edison,NJ and San Jose, CA"
b' Responsible for providing 24 hour care on a close, personal basis and assisting in establishing an appropriate home environment that provides supervision and support for a range of daily living activities for group home residents and day to day household functions of the lodge. Requires High School diploma or equivalent and 3 years of experience involving adolescents. Two years of college or Bachelors degree preferred. Valid Driver#s License Required.# All Residential Counselor positions may include weekend hours. # PCH (Lotus, Sunflower), Co-Occurring (Wolf), RTC (Bear, Eagle, Butterfly) HS Diploma or equivalent# AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting, OR Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/university preferably in social work, psychology or related field 22:30-9:00 Week 1 # 2: Thursday, Friday, Saturday'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Boro Center  424 Route 206  Hillsborough, NJ 08844 '
b'Job DescriptionAt Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. WELLS FARGO ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY At Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.  Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members.  This role will be responsible for providing senior technical leadership and strategic technical direction for Enterprise CIO initiatives and will collaborate with business leaders to develop a data platform strategy that aligns with the enterprise architecture framework. The role will be responsible for the development, communication and ongoing governance of architecture blueprints, roadmaps, principles, standards and reference architectures to promote consistent solutions and portfolio rationalization. The candidate will be responsible for managing key relationships in order to ensure ongoing delivery of enterprise capabilities. The candidate should also be experienced in  Defining and delivering against data governance policies and procedures.  As a team member, this position will be responsible for: Define and execute the Technology Risk Management Data & Analytics IT StrategyStrong partnership and collaboration with EIT Data Blue Print and Governance, Market Data Services, Enterprise Content Management, and Customer Relationship Management to ensure the balance between business functionality needs and the architecture and engineering health of the platform. Work with business partners to develop and/or evaluate business cases and align the architecture solution to meet stated business requirementsProvide strategic direction and oversee the integration of emerging Big Data platforms and tools for advanced analytics including machine learning/data scienceEducate and influence senior IT and business leadership including strategic partnerships that span all lines of business and in the data management domain, articulating conceptual ideas and their impact to a widely divergent audience using excellent verbal, written, and listening skillsDefine architecture strategies and approaches to advance Enterprise Technology and Segment data initiativesIdentify opportunities for common solutions across the enterprise, which span transactional, operational and analytical platforms, collaborating within the architecture and development communities.Provide data management insight, guidance and anticipating the impact on architectures and systemsCollaborate with business executives and senior architects to identify data and process issues, then provides solution options and recommends options.Provide recommendations on system options, risks, impact on cross-domain systems, business strategy, goals and processes.Developing practices, processes, templates, and reporting to provide risk management reviews and participation in critical enterprise programs or projects with significant technology risks as an enabler.Analyzing program/project requirements against the proposed solutions to determine technology risk levels, control weaknesses and to evaluate the risk of solutions not meeting requirements resulting in a value add proposal to management in a concise and comprehensive presentationReviewing mitigation/remediation plans and providing advice on mitigation effectiveness and alternative mitigation approaches as well as assisting, coaching, counseling and mentoring stakeholdersPerforming review of the work products produced by the program/project according to risk program requirements and deadlinesAttending steering and working committees to ensure appropriate technology risk management coverageID, Recording and Resolving all issues through satisfaction including warranted and limited escalationProducing management reporting and focused information to all stakeholders as applicableAssuring a comprehensive documented RACI model and adherence to model at all timesIntegrating requirements from the broader program/project into existing technology risk management processes (e.g. risk assessments)Effectively collaborating with business partners in the first-line-of-defense (FLOD) and second line of defense (SLOD) in the establishment of new risk management processes for the specific program/projectWorking with stakeholders to ensure each has the tools, processes and expertise to effectively manage technology risksDeveloping and maintaining strong working relationships with the line of business, corporate regulatory and operational risk and compliance peersEnsuring that critical programs and projects remain aligned to the technology risk management strategy and functional framework The successful candidate will have the ability to translate ambiguous ideas/issues into well-defined plans/solutions; while influencing decision-making process, Self-motivated, able to work independently with a proven ability to be adaptable to a dynamic work environment with multiple priorities and strict timelines and set appropriate deliverable timelines and follow-through.Required Qualifications10+ years of experience in compliance, operational risk management (includes audit, legal, credit risk, market risk, or the management of a process or business with accountability for compliance or operational risk), or a combination of both; or 10+ years of IT systems security, business process management or financial services industry experience, of which 5+ years must include direct experience in compliance, operational risk management, or a combination of both10+ years of experience in an IT management role working with Big Data Analytical platforms10+ years of experience leading and executing the design and development of innovative solutions and driving recommendations for changes to data systems, infrastructure, or processes10+ years of experience with data governance and management practices10+ years of experience in data management, data modeling, metadata management, master-data management and data movementDesired QualificationsAdvanced Microsoft Office skillsExcellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skillsStrong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracyAbility to interact with all levels of an organizationOther Desired Qualifications10+ years of strong application, data, and technical architecture skillsBroad and significant knowledge of technology with emphasis on development operations, SDLC, problem and incident management, configuration management, application infrastructure services (e.g. middleware), platform management, information security architecture, identity and access management, enterprise architecture, cloud, third party hosted solutions, application risk assessments, information management, enterprise data, CRM services, and books and records.7+ years of management experience (direct, matrix, managed resources, EGS, geographically dispersed)Certifications that support business or risk related knowledge/experience (FINRA, PMP, CRISC, CFE, CISSP, CIA, etc...)5+ years of wholesale or WIM experience with a large financial services organization or service provider to sameExcellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skillsStrong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracyAdvanced Microsoft Office skills7+ years of leadership experience, including demonstrated interaction with EIT and Wholesale or WIM business and technology level leadersDemonstrated experience in building, leading, developing and retaining a team of managers, strong technical experts and high performing professionals in geographically disbursed environments5+ years project management experience with large scale technology projects including: business requirements, risk analysis, project planning, resource planning, risk/issue management, testing and implementationExperience with assessing the adequacy of policies, procedures, processes, and compliance and operational controls in a significantly large and complex organization.Prior experience with tracking, monitoring and implementing corrective actions or information security exceptions for Compliance/Operational RiskKnowledge and experience with technology-related regulatory requirements and frameworks including FFIEC,COBIT, COSO, NIST, ITILDisclaimerAll offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.  Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.'
b' Responsible for providing 24 hour care on a close, personal basis and assisting in establishing an appropriate home environment that provides supervision and support for a range of daily living activities for group home residents and day to day household functions of the lodge. Requires High School diploma or equivalent and 3 years of experience involving adolescents. Two years of college or Bachelors degree preferred. Valid Driver#s License Required. All Residential Counselor positions may include weekend hours. # PCH (Lotus, Sunflower), Co-Occurring (Wolf), RTC (Bear, Eagle, Butterfly) HS Diploma or equivalent# AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting, OR Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/university preferably in social work, psychology or related field # IRTS Level of Care (Swan) Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/ university preferably in social work, psychology or related field AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting. Schedule: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday (2:15-10:45pm), Friday, Saturday ( 7:00am- 3:30pm) #'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Overview  The "Maytag Man" Retired Happy. You can, too!Great Pay!Great Benefits!!Great Opportunity!!!  We are part of Edgewood Properties and are currently seeking experienced Full Time appliance technicians to service and maintain equipment at our chain of laundromats and also at our luxury rental communities throughout New Jersey. These are positions offering the opportunity to learn and grow. Edgewood Properties currently has over 100 residential and commercial projects underway in New Jersey and three other states. Our staff of over 450 employees is expected to balloon to nearly 1000 over the next two to three years.ResponsibilitiesYou will perform repairs, maintenance and installations on the following equipment: RangesAir Conditioners.QualificationsWe seek someone with a trade school degree and refrigeration certification. Minimum of 5 years exp.We offer a competitive compensation and benefits.'
b"Perform all pre-trip responsibilities including: obtaining and reviewing driver itinerary, checking route numbers and account numbers for assigned deliveries, counting items and checking customer invoices of products that have been loaded, completing required trailer temperature checks and performing pre-trip safety check inspections of trucks according to Department of Transportation (DOT) regulations. Drive to and deliver customer orders to meet the scheduled customer times and maintain adequate productivity rate to meet delivery schedules. Use electronic time keeping system to log in time at customer site.Visually survey customer\xe2\x80\x99s site during the approach to determine hazards.Unload products from the truck with a hand truck, lift gate, or by hand and place items in designated customer storage areas.Verify delivery of correct items with customer and obtain proper signatures. Collect money (cash or checks) where required. Contact division management for authorization of invoice discrepancies and communicate all errors and returns. As requested by management, drive backhauls which requires picking up product from vendors and bring back to warehouse for receiving while staying within DOT Hours of Service (HOS) regulations.Return straight truck to division when route is completed.Perform all post-trip responsibilities: unloading damaged goods and customer returns and completing necessary paperwork; performing safety checks on the truck; fueling (as required by the division); parking and securing the truck; completing DOT logs (electronic or manual as required) and company vehicle maintenance reports (DVIR) and reconcile these with the appropriate company representative as required.Attend all required company meetings and adhere to all safety practices and company policies.Follow division shift times, enter days of week and hours, and continue until the work is completed within DOT HOS regulations. Some Holiday, Saturday, Sunday, and overnight deliveries may be required.Must satisfactorily complete all company mandated trainings and assessments. ***EOE Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Protected Veteran/Disability Status***Education/Training: High School Diploma/GED preferred. Must be able to read, write and communicate in English as it relates to the job and to the safety regulations. Must have basic math skills (add, subtract, multiply, divide) and ability to work with money collected from customers to ensure the amount collected matches the invoiced amount. Must have a valid Commercial Drivers License (CDL), Class B issued by the state of legal residence with the necessary endorsements and be DOT qualified.Experience: Experience delivering products preferred. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: Must be able to use, or learn to use, all equipment, global positioning systems (GPS) i.e. XATA, POD, and tools used to perform the job.Must be able to perform all job functions safely. Must be able to work the scheduled/assigned times and required overtime for the position. Must know/have ability to learn material safety data sheet information regarding all material used within the scope of the work. Must have excellent customer service skills. Must be at least 21 years of age. Must successfully pass a controlled substance abuse screening test. Must be able to work in extreme weather conditions, including applying tire chains if needed. Must adhere to all safety practices and company policies. No more than two convictions in the past two year period for traffic violations. No more than one of these may be a serious (as defined by DOT) violation or result of an accident - company or private vehicle; No DUI convictions within past three years, regardless of type of vehicle operated; no driver's license suspension within past three years (insurance and overweight tickets are excluded); and no termination by previous employer for failure to comply with safety regulations or for accident involvement."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Responsible for providing 24 hour care on a close, personal basis and assisting in establishing an appropriate home environment that provides supervision and support for a range of daily living activities for group home residents and day to day household functions of the lodge. Requires High School diploma or equivalent and 3 years of experience involving adolescents. Two years of college or Bachelors degree preferred. Valid Driver#s License Required.# All Residential Counselor positions may include weekend hours. # PCH (Lotus, Sunflower), Co-Occurring (Wolf), RTC (Bear, Eagle, Butterfly) HS Diploma or equivalent# AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting, OR Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/university preferably in social work, psychology or related field Week 1 # 2:# Sat # Sun (7:00-15:30), Mon, Thur, Fri (14:15-22:45)'
b' Overview "It makes me feel good knowing that we make the residents\xe2\x80\x99 lives better. We laugh with them, cry with them, sing and dance with them \xe2\x80\x93 we brighten their day. Working here is an unbelievable privilege and it will be something I carry with me for the rest of my life!" Sunrise Team MemberAt Sunrise, our LPN Medication Care Manager is responsible for providing the highest degree of quality care and services by administering medication and treatments in a safe organized manner.ResponsibilitiesResponsibilities:Administration of medicationsDocumentation of medication administrationProviding resident care while demonstrating the Mission for Sunrise Senior Living, \'to champion the quality of life for all senior\xe2\x80\x99 in accordance with federal, state and local standardsPromote the highest degree of quality care and services to our residents in accordance to the Sunrise Senior Living policiesQualifications:L.P.N, LVN or state specific licensed nurse credentialIn states where appropriate, must maintain certificationsMust be at least 18 years of agePrevious experience working with seniors preferred and desire to serve and care for seniorsAbility to make choices, decisions and act in the resident\xe2\x80\x99s best interestAbility to react and remain calm in difficult situationsAbility to handle multiple prioritiesPossess written and verbal skills for effective communication and level of understandingDemonstrates good judgment, problem solving and decision making skillsAs applicable, all Sunrise team members who drive a Sunrise vehicle must sign the Driver job description, understand the key essential duties for safety and regulatory complianceMinimum of six (6) months experience working with seniors in assisted living, home health, independent living, hospital or long term care environment and desire to serve and care for seniorsDecision making abilities and acting in the resident\xe2\x80\x99s best interest, ability to react and remain calm in difficult situations and possess written and verbal skills for effective communication and level of understandingSunrise maintains a drug-free work environment and all offers of employment with Sunrise are conditioned on submitting to and successfully completing and passing a drug and alcohol test.QualificationsSunrise Senior Living has championed quality of life in senior care for more than 30 years. We believe team members are our greatest resource and are looking for people who share our commitment to provide quality care for seniors and their families.At Sunrise, you will\xe2\x80\xa6 Make a Difference Every Day We deliver high-quality care with a personal touch and encourage our residents to enjoy life to the fullest.Be Part of a Uniquely Supportive Community We care for residents and each other, and offer programs, rewards, and benefits to help you live your best.Ignite Your Potential You have the opportunity to grow both personally and professionally, and achieve your career goals.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Bridgewater Town Center  726 Route 202 Ste 380  Bridgewater, NJ 08807 '
b"Hospital Services (Acute) Registered Nurse DaVita is seeking a Registered Nurse who is looking to give life to patients in an Acute Hospital setting. RNs in this role work autonomously alongside the hospital staff to assess, troubleshoot, and make sound decisions for the critically ill patients.  If you haven\xe2\x80\x99t considered Nephrology nursing before, read on as we think that you should. Dialysis Experience is NOT required. What you can expect:1:1 Patient Care. Deliver acute hemodialysis to in-patients with chronic kidney disease, as well as patients with acute kidney injury (AKI) and transplant. Average Patient to Nurse Ratio is 2:1 or 1:1.Patient education. Whether this is the first or a blip in their chronic treatment, our RNs are experts in educating our patients and families.Specialized, complex care. RNs deliver care to patients who are often dealing with multiple co-morbidities and/or acute conditions which require unique treatment plans and the ability to leverage a broad range of nursing skills and knowledge.Not just hemodialysis. Acute RNs may deliver nephrology care across multiple renal therapies: peritoneal, continuous renal replacement and apheresis.Expect the unexpected. When you walk in the door each day you don't know what patients you might have, their condition, when you will get them or when you will be done for the day.Autonomy in aHospital Setting. Deliver dialysis to patients at a particular hospital or group of hospitals and become an integral part of their team and ours. As a teammate in an acute setting you work on your own almost all of the time. Each day you assess, troubleshoot, and make sound decisions for critical patients. Our Hospital Services group performs 1.1M treatments annually.Schedule. No two days are ever the same for an acute dialysis nurse - long days and on call are required. Schedules vary by hospital system. For this role expect to know your weekly schedule in advance, but your daily schedule may change depending on patient needs. Must be in commutable distance based on on-call requirements.The Gold Seal. As an Ambulatory Health Care accredited provider, DaVita is following and meeting the highest standards of care, providing care in line with the highest industry standards according to The Joint Commission. We expect our nurses to commit to improving patient health through clinical goal setting and quality improvement initiatives.What we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide:In-classroom and hands on training: if you are new to dialysis, we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide a 9-12 week paid training and the support to guide you through to becoming a nephrology nurse.Opportunity for a nursing career for a lifetime. DaVita is committed to providing robust development and experience for nurses. Whether you chose to remain in a patient facing/caregiving role or grow (leadership operations, corporate functions, integrated care, clinical research), we can guide you on that journey.Education assistance and license reimbursement: annual $3,000 tuition reimbursement and potential $25,000 scholarship opportunity. CNN and CDN certification reimbursement.3000+ locations across the U.S. for wherever life may take you.Comprehensive benefits package: including medical, dental, vision, 401k plan, $2,500 cash gift for new parents, back-up child and elder care and so much moreSome details about this position:Your 9-10 weeks of training will include a combination of classroom and hands-on learning, through DaVita\xe2\x80\x99s award-winning training programsTraining may take place in a facility or a training clinic with a class of new teammates other than your assigned home clinicHours of work may vary during the training period; however, you will typically be working between 32-40 hours per week during trainingYou must be flexible on the final home clinic placement it may be in a different location; there is also the potential to float to various clinics during and after your trainingYou must have a flexible schedule and be able to work mornings, evenings, weekends, and holidayYou Must Have (aka. Requirements):Current and valid Registered Nurse (RN) license in the state where practicingWillingness to work a flexible schedule with mandatory overtime required due to the nature of the acute treatment you are providing.Work long days without noticeAbility to travel to multiple hospitals within a given area (Be sure to ask your recruiter about the commute range for this position.)Experience assessing, trouble shooting and making sound recommendations in stressful situationsPhysical Requirement: nurses often have to push/pull large hemodialysis machines around the hospital with little or no assistanceAssociates Degree in Nursing (A.D.N) from accredited school of nursing required; Bachelor of Science in Nursing (B.S.N); three-year diploma from accredited diploma program may be substituted for nursing degreeBasic computer skills and proficiency in MS Word and OutlookYou might also have (a.k.a. preferred, not required):Hemodialysis nursing experience in an acute or chronic settingMedical/surgical (Med/Surg), Intensive Care Unit (ICU), Critical Care Unit (CCU), and/or Emergency Room (ER) experienceCertified Nephrology Nurse (CNN), Certified Dialysis Nurse (CDN) and/or Certified Hemodialysis Nurse (CHN) Nurses: if this isn\xe2\x80\x99t the job for you, perhaps you have a friend who would be a perfect fit. Send them this link.  Questions? Email us at careers@davita.com or send us a message on our DaVita Careers Facebook page."
b' Responsible for providing 24 hour care on a close, personal basis and assisting in establishing an appropriate home environment that provides supervision and support for a range of daily living activities for group home residents and day to day household functions of the lodge. Requires High School diploma or equivalent and 3 years of experience involving adolescents. Two years of college or Bachelors degree preferred. Valid Driver#s License Required. All Residential Counselor positions may include weekend hours. # PCH (Lotus, Sunflower), Co-Occurring (Wolf), RTC (Bear, Eagle, Butterfly) HS Diploma or equivalent# AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting, OR Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/university preferably in social work, psychology or related field # IRTS Level of Care (Swan) Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/ university preferably in social work, psychology or related field AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting. Schedule: Sunday 7am-3:30pm, Monday 2:15-10:45pm, Tuesday 2:15-10:45, Wednesday 2:15-10:45, Saturday 7am-3:30pm. #'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Lowe's Center  67 US Highway 9  Morganville, NJ 07751 "
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Responsible for providing 24 hour care on a close, personal basis and assisting in establishing an appropriate home environment that provides supervision and support for a range of daily living activities for group home residents and day to day household functions of the lodge. Requires High School diploma or equivalent and one year of experience involving adolescents. Two years of college or Bachelors degree preferred. Valid Driver#s License Required. *All Residential Counselor positions may include weekend hours. # PCH (Lotus, Sunflower), Co-Occurring (Wolf), RTC (Bear, Eagle, Butterfly) HS Diploma or equivalent# AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting, OR Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/university preferably in social work, psychology or related field # IRTS Level of Care (Swan) Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/ university preferably in social work, psychology or related field AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting.'
b' Princeton HealthCare System is a leading provider of healthcare services. As a respected nonprofit, community teaching system, we offer compassionate care supported by advanced technologies and an outstanding medical staff. Over 97% of our physicians have achieved board certification, the hallmark of professional excellence. Through our academic and clinical affiliations with institutions including The Childrens Hospital of Philadelphia, we are setting new standards in diagnostic and treatment protocols and achieving successful clinical outcomes for our patients. Princeton HealthCare System is Redefining Care through our commitment to delivering an exceptional level of clinical care and individualized caring for each and every patient.  The nurses of PHCS are dedicated to promoting the health and well being of our patients. PHCS patients receive exceptional nursing care in an environment that is empowering, educational, and nurturing. We act as guides to our patients and their families as they move throughout our healthcare system. As nurses we are part of an organization which promotes shared governance, and is focused on recognizing and rewarding clinical excellence in nursing.  Princeton HealthCare System is currently searching for a Full Time, Days ,Registered Nurse for The University Medical Center of Princeton at Plainsboro, Float Pool. Position Summary: Registered Nurses are responsible for establishing a therapeutic relationship and an individualized plan of care with the patient for a defined period of time (length of stay on that unit) and for communicating that plan of care to his/her collaborative partners. The collaborative nurse follows the plan of care created by the Attending Nurse and the patient/family, making revisions based upon the patients response to treatment and changing needs. Registered Nurses are accountable for planning, delivering, coordinating, evaluating, and modifying the patients care for that defined period of time and for effectively transitioning that plan of care with attention to continuity across shift and settings of care. It is expected that the patients and/or families will know the name of the Attending Nurse, and the collaborative nurse. In order to achieve the defined outcomes of care, the registered nurse will assure that patients and families experience exceptional cooperation among all members of the health care team who treat them and each other with dignity, respect and sensitivity.  Float pool RNs are orientated to pre-defined units within the healthcare system and are expected to work in these areas as the need requires. Float pool nurses may be required to work in more than one area during an assigned shift as assigned by the nursing supervisor. Qualifications:All PHCS employees are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption.Required: - Graduate of an accredited school of nursing  - Active Registered Nurse License in the state of New Jersey  - Basic Life Support certification (BLS) for Healthcare Providers from the American Heart Association (AHA)  - Computer Literacy  - High Level of Physical Strength, Stamina and Agility  - Great Interpersonal and Communication Skills Preferred: - Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN)  - Two (2) years of previous critical care, ED or Telemetry experience strongly preferred  Join Princeton HealthCare System family and be a part of Redefining Care in our community!  Princeton HealthCare System is an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE M/F/D/V'
b" Maser Consulting is seeking a GIS Technician with AutoCAD 2016, and Esri ArcGIS 10.x experience (editing existing data, creating maps, file research, data mining, creating record, creating data models, management of project mapping and database information). Create tax maps using AutoCAD and Esri software deliverablesWork with Esri desktop basic, advancedWork with AutoCAD 2016 basic mapping commandsProduce mapping data following standard procedures and formatsCollation and storage of existing project data (paper and digital)Quality checking of work productWork within a team environment, communicating with multiple departmentsJob may will require minor field work, and attending client meetings with management teamEducational background in Geography/GIS, GeomaticsMinimum 1-3 years of Esri and AutoCAD experienceUnderstanding of New Jersey Division of Tax Map CAD StandardsExperience in working with parcel, and other land base / utility mapping data (AutoCAD and Esri)Basic Math Skills.Excellent reading, writing and communication skills.A valid driver's license and clean driving record required. MVR will be checked and monitored."
b' Responsible for providing 24 hour care on a close, personal basis and assisting in establishing an appropriate home environment that provides supervision and support for a range of daily living activities for group home residents and day to day household functions of the lodge. Requires High School diploma or equivalent and 3 years of experience involving adolescents. Two years of college or Bachelors degree preferred. Valid Driver#s License Required. All Residential Counselor positions may include weekend hours. # PCH (Lotus, Sunflower), Co-Occurring (Wolf), RTC (Bear, Eagle, Butterfly) HS Diploma or equivalent# AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting, OR Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/university preferably in social work, psychology or related field # IRTS Level of Care (Swan) Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/ university preferably in social work, psychology or related field AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting.'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Princeton HealthCare System is a leading provider of healthcare services. As a respected nonprofit, community teaching system, we offer compassionate care supported by advanced technologies and an outstanding medical staff. Over 97% of our physicians have achieved board certification, the hallmark of professional excellence. Through our academic and clinical affiliations with institutions including The Childrens Hospital of Philadelphia, we are setting new standards in diagnostic and treatment protocols and achieving successful clinical outcomes for our patients. Princeton HealthCare System is Redefining Care through our commitment to delivering an exceptional level of clinical care and individualized caring for each and every patient.  The nurses of PHCS are dedicated to promoting the health and well being of our patients. PHCS patients receive exceptional nursing care in an environment that is empowering, educational, and nurturing. We act as guides to our patients and their families as they move throughout our healthcare system. As nurses we are part of an organization which promotes shared governance, and is focused on recognizing and rewarding clinical excellence in nursing.  Princeton HealthCare System is currently searching for a Full Time, Nights,Registered Nurse for The University Medical Center of Princeton at Plainsboro, Float Pool. Position Summary: Registered Nurses are responsible for establishing a therapeutic relationship and an individualized plan of care with the patient for a defined period of time (length of stay on that unit) and for communicating that plan of care to his/her collaborative partners. The collaborative nurse follows the plan of care created by the Attending Nurse and the patient/family, making revisions based upon the patients response to treatment and changing needs. Registered Nurses are accountable for planning, delivering, coordinating, evaluating, and modifying the patients care for that defined period of time and for effectively transitioning that plan of care with attention to continuity across shift and settings of care. It is expected that the patients and/or families will know the name of the Attending Nurse, and the collaborative nurse. In order to achieve the defined outcomes of care, the registered nurse will assure that patients and families experience exceptional cooperation among all members of the health care team who treat them and each other with dignity, respect and sensitivity.  Float pool RNs are orientated to pre-defined units within the healthcare system and are expected to work in these areas as the need requires. Float pool nurses may be required to work in more than one area during an assigned shift as assigned by the nursing supervisor. Qualifications:All PHCS employees are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption.Required: - Graduate of an accredited school of nursing  - Active Registered Nurse (RN) License in the state of New Jersey  - Basic Life Support certification (BLS) for Healthcare Providers from the American Heart Association (AHA)  - Computer Literacy  - High Level of Physical Strength, Stamina and Agility  - Great Interpersonal and Communication Skills Preferred: - Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN)  - Two (2) years of previous critical care, ED or Telemetry experience strongly preferred  Join Princeton HealthCare System family and be a part of Redefining Care in our community!  Princeton HealthCare System is a qualified employer under the rules of the Government Public Service Loan Forgiveness program & an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE M/F/D/V'
b'Job DetailsLevel ExperiencedJob Location Edison - Edison, NJJob Shift DayDescriptionC+A Global is a leading international manufacturer based in Central New Jersey, who is the supplier of thousands of cool and unique electronics, cameras, photography equipment and accessories in the consumer marketplace. C+A Global owns and operates its own stores and online imaging business, RitzPix. It has the exclusive licenses of private brands such as Polaroid, Zink, Skymall, Ivation and LyxPro just to name a few! With our outstanding, award-winning products being released every year, our brands attract the attention of well-known media outlets such as the Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Today Show, and The New York Times! Our company continues to expand in growth and as one of the world\xe2\x80\x99s largest and most diverse online retailers we are excited to create new opportunities for job seekers! Apply now and Join our team! We are looking for a seasoned professional for a Head of Worldwide Sales position in our Edison office. A candidate with experience selling to large retailers and to oversea markets. We are looking for a person with great contacts and a wide range of experience. In short, we have the brands and the demand, now we need the right sales pros to make the most of them.  So if you have a proven background in selling a more varied portfolio- as in everything from housewares to consumer tech and sports supplements to gun safes\xe2\x80\xa6we want you here!QualificationsBe sure to have at least 7 years of direct selling experience as well as the kind of relationships that will be receptive to branded and non-branded merchandise. Travel will be requiredNY/NJ metro applicants onlyWhat We Offer!United Healthcare Benefits (Health, Vision, Dental)10-15 Paid Holidays Off!Short/Long Term Disability 100% Company PaidLife Insurance 100% Company Paid401K Options!Great Employee Discounts!Great opportunity to work for a growing and exciting company!All applicants are subject to a background screening. CA Global is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.'
b" OverviewCivil Engineers Make the Grade. Here's a Teriffic Opportunity to Make Ours! Immediate opening for Sr. Design Engineer for the expanding civil consulting department of a major national residential and commercial developer with a wide array of projects throughout NJ.  Since its founding in 1992, Edgewood Properties has established itself as a leading real estate development and property management company. With corporate headquarters in New Jersey, the company is on a course of growth leading to activities across the nation.ResponsibilitiesOur Sr. Project (Civil) Engineering position requires a BSCE with 3-5 years experience in civil/site design, grading, hydrology and general CADD knowledge. Strong communication skills, motivation and ability to immediately or eventually lead a coordinated design effort are a must.QualificationsWe offer a strong compensation package with excellent FT benefits, including Medical/dental/vision and 401K, Corporate Gym. Comfortable work environment with opportunity for advancement."
b" Position OverviewThe Sales Head expands market of HOBS by directing and supporting collaborative sales efforts to grow HOBS globally. The Sales Head identifies the market for  HOBS solution primarily within Communication Media and Information domain but can expand it to other domains as well, defines and operationalized the marketing and sales strategy,collaborated with sales, presales and delivery teams and converts opportunities to business.  Reporting to the Head of Offering, the Sales Head is responsible for achieving sales quota in HOBS, and for supporting the product-line success of an assigned  team of sales associatesJob Responsibilities\xe2\x80\xa2 Meets assigned targets for profitable sales growth Lead demand-generating marketing activities.Provides coaching and professional development to team-member sales associates in order to enhance their product knowledge and sales skills.Establish productive, professional relationships with key personnel in assigned customer accounts.Coordinate the customer involvement of other company personnel when needed, including support resources, team members, and management.Handle legal contracts and pricing ( P&L)Lead end to end sales cycle \xe2\x80\x93 Lead Creation, Opportunity Management, Proposal preparation, Proposal Defense, Alliances, Contract and Commercial negotiations Manage CXO level relations & expectationManage relationships with other vendors and partnersLiaisons with marketing agencies, analysts and event organizers for marketing solutionEvolve different business models Accountability and Performance Measures Achieves assigned product sales quota.Achieves product growth targetsMaintains high customer satisfaction ratings that meet company standards.Qualifications and Traits\xe2\x80\xa2 MBA ( Sales or Marketing )Minimum 12 years of sales experience in a business-to-business, large/strategic customer segment, product sales with atleast 3 years of experience in Telecom software product sales. Good understanding of Telcom domain \xe2\x80\x93 functionallyGood awareness of Telecom future needsPeople management skillsTime management & presentation skillsEloquent in oral & written EnglishStrong leadership & conflict management skillsStrong influencing & collaborating skillsDecision making skills in a fast paced environment Job Location Would need to travel globallyJob location can be based out of Our Client's office in Edison,NJ and San Jose, CA"
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Boro Center  424 Route 206  Hillsborough, NJ 08844 '
b' Responsible for providing 24 hour care on a close, personal basis and assisting in establishing an appropriate home environment that provides supervision and support for a range of daily living activities for group home residents and day to day household functions of the lodge. Requires High School diploma or equivalent and 3 years of experience involving adolescents. Two years of college or Bachelors degree preferred. Valid Driver#s License Required. All Residential Counselor positions may include weekend hours. # PCH (Lotus, Sunflower), Co-Occurring (Wolf), RTC (Bear, Eagle, Butterfly) HS Diploma or equivalent# AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting, OR Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/university preferably in social work, psychology or related field # IRTS Level of Care (Swan) Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/ university preferably in social work, psychology or related field AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting. Schedule: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday (2:15-10:45pm), Friday, Saturday ( 7:00am- 3:30pm) #'
b' Overview  The "Maytag Man" Retired Happy. You can, too!Great Pay!Great Benefits!!Great Opportunity!!!  We are part of Edgewood Properties and are currently seeking experienced Full Time appliance technicians to service and maintain equipment at our chain of laundromats and also at our luxury rental communities throughout New Jersey. These are positions offering the opportunity to learn and grow. Edgewood Properties currently has over 100 residential and commercial projects underway in New Jersey and three other states. Our staff of over 450 employees is expected to balloon to nearly 1000 over the next two to three years.ResponsibilitiesYou will perform repairs, maintenance and installations on the following equipment: RangesAir Conditioners.QualificationsWe seek someone with a trade school degree and refrigeration certification. Minimum of 5 years exp.We offer a competitive compensation and benefits.'
b' Responsible for providing 24 hour care on a close, personal basis and assisting in establishing an appropriate home environment that provides supervision and support for a range of daily living activities for group home residents and day to day household functions of the lodge. Requires High School diploma or equivalent and 3 years of experience involving adolescents. Two years of college or Bachelors degree preferred. Valid Driver#s License Required.# All Residential Counselor positions may include weekend hours. # PCH (Lotus, Sunflower), Co-Occurring (Wolf), RTC (Bear, Eagle, Butterfly) HS Diploma or equivalent# AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting, OR Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/university preferably in social work, psychology or related field Week 1 # 2:# Sat # Sun (7:00-15:30), Mon, Thur, Fri (14:15-22:45)'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Bridgewater Town Center  726 Route 202 Ste 380  Bridgewater, NJ 08807 '
b' Responsible for providing 24 hour care on a close, personal basis and assisting in establishing an appropriate home environment that provides supervision and support for a range of daily living activities for group home residents and day to day household functions of the lodge. Requires High School diploma or equivalent and 3 years of experience involving adolescents. Two years of college or Bachelors degree preferred. Valid Driver#s License Required. All Residential Counselor positions may include weekend hours. # PCH (Lotus, Sunflower), Co-Occurring (Wolf), RTC (Bear, Eagle, Butterfly) HS Diploma or equivalent# AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting, OR Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/university preferably in social work, psychology or related field # IRTS Level of Care (Swan) Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/ university preferably in social work, psychology or related field AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting. Schedule: Sunday 7am-3:30pm, Monday 2:15-10:45pm, Tuesday 2:15-10:45, Wednesday 2:15-10:45, Saturday 7am-3:30pm. #'
b" Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Lowe's Center  67 US Highway 9  Morganville, NJ 07751 "
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Responsible for providing 24 hour care on a close, personal basis and assisting in establishing an appropriate home environment that provides supervision and support for a range of daily living activities for group home residents and day to day household functions of the lodge. Requires High School diploma or equivalent and one year of experience involving adolescents. Two years of college or Bachelors degree preferred. Valid Driver#s License Required. *All Residential Counselor positions may include weekend hours. # PCH (Lotus, Sunflower), Co-Occurring (Wolf), RTC (Bear, Eagle, Butterfly) HS Diploma or equivalent# AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting, OR Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/university preferably in social work, psychology or related field # IRTS Level of Care (Swan) Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/ university preferably in social work, psychology or related field AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting.'
b' Princeton HealthCare System is a leading provider of healthcare services. As a respected nonprofit, community teaching system, we offer compassionate care supported by advanced technologies and an outstanding medical staff. Over 97% of our physicians have achieved board certification, the hallmark of professional excellence. Through our academic and clinical affiliations with institutions including The Childrens Hospital of Philadelphia, we are setting new standards in diagnostic and treatment protocols and achieving successful clinical outcomes for our patients. Princeton HealthCare System is Redefining Care through our commitment to delivering an exceptional level of clinical care and individualized caring for each and every patient.  The nurses of PHCS are dedicated to promoting the health and well being of our patients. PHCS patients receive exceptional nursing care in an environment that is empowering, educational, and nurturing. We act as guides to our patients and their families as they move throughout our healthcare system. As nurses we are part of an organization which promotes shared governance, and is focused on recognizing and rewarding clinical excellence in nursing.  Princeton HealthCare System is currently searching for a Full Time, Days ,Registered Nurse for The University Medical Center of Princeton at Plainsboro, Float Pool. Position Summary: Registered Nurses are responsible for establishing a therapeutic relationship and an individualized plan of care with the patient for a defined period of time (length of stay on that unit) and for communicating that plan of care to his/her collaborative partners. The collaborative nurse follows the plan of care created by the Attending Nurse and the patient/family, making revisions based upon the patients response to treatment and changing needs. Registered Nurses are accountable for planning, delivering, coordinating, evaluating, and modifying the patients care for that defined period of time and for effectively transitioning that plan of care with attention to continuity across shift and settings of care. It is expected that the patients and/or families will know the name of the Attending Nurse, and the collaborative nurse. In order to achieve the defined outcomes of care, the registered nurse will assure that patients and families experience exceptional cooperation among all members of the health care team who treat them and each other with dignity, respect and sensitivity.  Float pool RNs are orientated to pre-defined units within the healthcare system and are expected to work in these areas as the need requires. Float pool nurses may be required to work in more than one area during an assigned shift as assigned by the nursing supervisor. Qualifications:All PHCS employees are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption.Required: - Graduate of an accredited school of nursing  - Active Registered Nurse License in the state of New Jersey  - Basic Life Support certification (BLS) for Healthcare Providers from the American Heart Association (AHA)  - Computer Literacy  - High Level of Physical Strength, Stamina and Agility  - Great Interpersonal and Communication Skills Preferred: - Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN)  - Two (2) years of previous critical care, ED or Telemetry experience strongly preferred  Join Princeton HealthCare System family and be a part of Redefining Care in our community!  Princeton HealthCare System is an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE M/F/D/V'
b' Responsible for providing 24 hour care on a close, personal basis and assisting in establishing an appropriate home environment that provides supervision and support for a range of daily living activities for group home residents and day to day household functions of the lodge. Requires High School diploma or equivalent and 3 years of experience involving adolescents. Two years of college or Bachelors degree preferred. Valid Driver#s License Required. All Residential Counselor positions may include weekend hours. # PCH (Lotus, Sunflower), Co-Occurring (Wolf), RTC (Bear, Eagle, Butterfly) HS Diploma or equivalent# AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting, OR Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/university preferably in social work, psychology or related field # IRTS Level of Care (Swan) Bachelor#s degree from an accredited college/ university preferably in social work, psychology or related field AND 3-5 years# experience providing direct care to youth in a behavioral health agency or institutional setting.'
b' Princeton HealthCare System is a leading provider of healthcare services. As a respected nonprofit, community teaching system, we offer compassionate care supported by advanced technologies and an outstanding medical staff. Over 97% of our physicians have achieved board certification, the hallmark of professional excellence. Through our academic and clinical affiliations with institutions including The Childrens Hospital of Philadelphia, we are setting new standards in diagnostic and treatment protocols and achieving successful clinical outcomes for our patients. Princeton HealthCare System is Redefining Care through our commitment to delivering an exceptional level of clinical care and individualized caring for each and every patient.  The nurses of PHCS are dedicated to promoting the health and well being of our patients. PHCS patients receive exceptional nursing care in an environment that is empowering, educational, and nurturing. We act as guides to our patients and their families as they move throughout our healthcare system. As nurses we are part of an organization which promotes shared governance, and is focused on recognizing and rewarding clinical excellence in nursing.  Princeton HealthCare System is currently searching for a Full Time, Nights,Registered Nurse for The University Medical Center of Princeton at Plainsboro, Float Pool. Position Summary: Registered Nurses are responsible for establishing a therapeutic relationship and an individualized plan of care with the patient for a defined period of time (length of stay on that unit) and for communicating that plan of care to his/her collaborative partners. The collaborative nurse follows the plan of care created by the Attending Nurse and the patient/family, making revisions based upon the patients response to treatment and changing needs. Registered Nurses are accountable for planning, delivering, coordinating, evaluating, and modifying the patients care for that defined period of time and for effectively transitioning that plan of care with attention to continuity across shift and settings of care. It is expected that the patients and/or families will know the name of the Attending Nurse, and the collaborative nurse. In order to achieve the defined outcomes of care, the registered nurse will assure that patients and families experience exceptional cooperation among all members of the health care team who treat them and each other with dignity, respect and sensitivity.  Float pool RNs are orientated to pre-defined units within the healthcare system and are expected to work in these areas as the need requires. Float pool nurses may be required to work in more than one area during an assigned shift as assigned by the nursing supervisor. Qualifications:All PHCS employees are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption.Required: - Graduate of an accredited school of nursing  - Active Registered Nurse (RN) License in the state of New Jersey  - Basic Life Support certification (BLS) for Healthcare Providers from the American Heart Association (AHA)  - Computer Literacy  - High Level of Physical Strength, Stamina and Agility  - Great Interpersonal and Communication Skills Preferred: - Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN)  - Two (2) years of previous critical care, ED or Telemetry experience strongly preferred  Join Princeton HealthCare System family and be a part of Redefining Care in our community!  Princeton HealthCare System is a qualified employer under the rules of the Government Public Service Loan Forgiveness program & an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE M/F/D/V'
b" OverviewCivil Engineers Make the Grade. Here's a Teriffic Opportunity to Make Ours! Immediate opening for Sr. Design Engineer for the expanding civil consulting department of a major national residential and commercial developer with a wide array of projects throughout NJ.  Since its founding in 1992, Edgewood Properties has established itself as a leading real estate development and property management company. With corporate headquarters in New Jersey, the company is on a course of growth leading to activities across the nation.ResponsibilitiesOur Sr. Project (Civil) Engineering position requires a BSCE with 3-5 years experience in civil/site design, grading, hydrology and general CADD knowledge. Strong communication skills, motivation and ability to immediately or eventually lead a coordinated design effort are a must.QualificationsWe offer a strong compensation package with excellent FT benefits, including Medical/dental/vision and 401K, Corporate Gym. Comfortable work environment with opportunity for advancement."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'

b' Assists Staffing Coordinator to schedule staff for Acute Care, Adult Psychiatric and Addiction, CDP, Older Adult, and Adolescent Units, and Blake Recovery Center according to the approved staffing patterns and acuity as entered into the Staff Anyware program. This is done with the oversight of the Nursing Directors and Nursing Supervisors. High school graduate; One (1) year in a customer service setting.'
b'Job Title: Part-time Field Technician About the Job: Mobile Technologies, Inc. (MTI) is currently seeking candidates to become Certified Field Technicians. We are adding technicians in your market to ensure all field assignments are being fulfilled on-time. This position is remote and your direct manager will be remote. The primary focus for this role will be performing field-based assignments, in addition, you will also be completing home-based trainings and conference calls, scheduling offered assignments, and communicating directly with the District Field Manager through availability, phone calls, text messages, and e-mails to ensure market coverage needs are met during our high-rate of growth. You will make a real difference in the town or city you service and you\xe2\x80\x99ll be able to see the proof of your labor! We will reward your hard work with a highly competitive hourly wage per field assignment and reimburse mileage and travel time based on daily travel distances. If you aspire to become a professional field technician, you\xe2\x80\x99ll love working here! Job Responsibilities: \xc2\xb7 Ensure our clients\xe2\x80\x99 success  \xc2\xb7 Schedule all assignments within 24 hours of being offered  \xc2\xb7 Perform visit on date that assignment is scheduled  \xc2\xb7 Complete all assignments within the timeframe offered  \xc2\xb7 Provide \xe2\x80\x9cWorld-Class\xe2\x80\x9d customer service while on-site and interacting with site personnel  \xc2\xb7 Diagnose and repair electronic and mechanical issues  \xc2\xb7 Ensure compliance as required by client agreement and/or scope of work  \xc2\xb7 Ensure all deliverables are submitted immediately upon completion of assignment  \xc2\xb7 Keep workspace neat and clean during service; ensure customer/visitors have access to space  \xc2\xb7 While on-site, complete an online questionnaire survey (requires Wi-Fi / data enabled \xe2\x80\x98smart device\xe2\x80\x99)  \xc2\xb7 Ensure all questions, issues, action-items for the site have been fulfilled prior to leaving site  \xc2\xb7 Communicate with District Field Manager on weekly basis via phone, text, and e-mail around schedule, training, rescheduling requests, troubleshooting, etc.  \xc2\xb7 Provide upcoming bi-weekly availability to District Field Manager by 1st and 15th of each month Desired Skills: \xc2\xb7 Low-voltage installation  \xc2\xb7 Networking/IT  \xc2\xb7 Cable installation  \xc2\xb7 Digital Signage  \xc2\xb7 Home theatre/audio video installation  \xc2\xb7 High-voltage electrical experience  \xc2\xb7 Lite IT  \xc2\xb7 Running and terminating Cat5  \xc2\xb7 CompTIA Certification (net+, A+)  \xc2\xb7 Audio video skills Preferred Qualifications: \xc2\xb7 Bi-Lingual a plus: Spanish, Vietnamese, Mandarin, French (QC)  \xc2\xb7 Goal-Oriented with desire to achieve and surpass Required Qualifications: \xc2\xb7 Self-starter  \xc2\xb7 Two (2) or more years\xe2\x80\x99 experience in one of the related fields: Information Technology (IT) \xe2\x80\x93Installation and ConfigurationPoint of Sale (POS) systems \xe2\x80\x93 Installation and ConfigurationDigital Signage \xe2\x80\x93 Installation and ConfigurationAudio / Video \xe2\x80\x93 Installation and ConfigurationConsumer Electronics (Digital Cameras, Camcorders, Cell Phones, Tablets, etc.)12-volt electrical systems \xe2\x80\x93 Installation and TroubleshootingAbility to work in fast-paced and ever-evolving environment \xc2\xb7 Highly organized  \xc2\xb7 Possess superior communication and customer service skills both written and verbal  \xc2\xb7 Excellent time-management  \xc2\xb7 Project a professional image of themselves and MTI Global Services  \xc2\xb7 Reliable automobile and proof of automobile insurance  \xc2\xb7 Clean MVR (no more than one traffic infraction in the last 5 years, no DUI, reckless driving or similar in the last 5 years)Understand, read/write English Language Physical Demands: \xc2\xb7 Walking, bending, lifting, repetitive motion, use of hand tools and test equipment  \xc2\xb7 Driving short and long distances  \xc2\xb7 Ability to navigate and configure different size monitors: TVs, computers, laptops, tablets, and/or smartphones  \xc2\xb7 Occasionally lifting up to 50 lbs.  \xc2\xb7 Occasionally climbing up ladders with up to 50 lbs.  \xc2\xb7 Possible Overnight Installations Work Environments: \xc2\xb7 Retail Store Environments: during business hours and non-business hours  \xc2\xb7 Commercial and Municipal Environments: during business hours  \xc2\xb7 Occasionally working in ceiling and crawl spaces  \xc2\xb7 Working from home in front of computer Required Tools and Equipment: \xc2\xb7 The following equipment is required to be carried with you any time you are in the field working for MTI. Note: While not every job will require the use of every tool, emergency calls can come up at any time and a successful candidate will need to be able to respond quickly. Note: This list is subject to change with notice. Field Equipment (required): \xc2\xb7 Laptop, Tablet, or Smartphone with Wi-Fi capabilities and Data Service  \xc2\xb7 Spare battery or charging cable for Wi-Fi device  \xc2\xb7 Camera 2MP \xe2\x80\x93 pictures taken from a phone may be acceptable as long as they are clear and can adequately convey the needed information. Field Tools (required): \xc2\xb7 ALL MTI system specific tools; provided by MTI upon successful hire  \xc2\xb7 Metal Hammer  \xc2\xb7 Rubber Mallet  \xc2\xb7 Cordless drill with bit adapter  \xc2\xb7 Spare drill battery (charged)  \xc2\xb7 Philips screw drivers - #0, #1, #2  \xc2\xb7 Flat head screw drivers \xe2\x80\x93 1/8, 1/4  \xc2\xb7 Socket Wrench and Ratchet sets \xe2\x80\x93 SAE and Metric  \xc2\xb7 Ball headed Allen wrench set \xe2\x80\x93 SAE and Metric  \xc2\xb7 Drill Bits (various sizes for various materials \xe2\x80\x93 drywall, concrete, metal, etc.)  \xc2\xb7 Security Bits - T10 and T25 security torx & #2, #3 square recess  \xc2\xb7 Precision screw driver set \xe2\x80\x93 Philips and flat head  \xc2\xb7 Channel Locks  \xc2\xb7 Needle nose pliers  \xc2\xb7 Wire cutters \xe2\x80\x93 preferably with a crimping notch  \xc2\xb7 Multi-meter \xe2\x80\x93 Able to test for voltage, amperage, and continuity  \xc2\xb7 Knife or box cutter  \xc2\xb7 Wire strippers Required Office: \xc2\xb7 Computer (desktop or laptop) with internet access  \xc2\xb7 Printer / Scanner (black ink okay)  \xc2\xb7 Cell Phone Compensation: Variable Part-time position; $25.00 per hour for field work; plus mileage and travel time reimbursement.  Mobile Technologies, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Mobile Technologies, Inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. MTI is an Equal Opportunity Employer'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Utilizes clinical knowledge and understanding of behavioral health resource management to review and# coordinate the care for a designated patient caseload.# Collaborates with the attending LIP, Clinical Case Manager, nurse, and other members of the treatment team, ACCESS center staff and PFS department to insure appropriate utilization of resources and benefits on a case by case basis.# Applies case management and utilization review principles in monitoring the delivery of care and promoting optimal communication among treatment team members, intra and interdepartmentally and with all payers.# Interacts with the treatment team and third party payers to obtain certification for medically necessary acute inpatient hospitalization and to facilitate transfer to the appropriate alternative level of care setting for continued treatment. Employs the utilization management process to assist in setting priorities, planning, organizing, and implementing a plan of care directed toward stabilization and transition to the next appropriate level of care. RN, BSN, or Bachelors degree in a clinical field with a health care focus required; Masters degree preferred; Five years of clinical experience in a behavioral health care setting required.#RN or LSW preferred.'
b' Overview Since its founding in 1992, Edgewood Properties has established itself as a leading real estate development and property management company. With corporate headquarters in New Jersey, the company is on a course of growth leading to activities across the nation. Currently, we are seeking to hire a highly experienced and hands-on Maintenance Manager to lead a team of maintenance techs and other maintenance staff at our beautiful luxury rental community in Piscataway.We would prefer the maintenance manager live on premise or be close by to deal with emergencies. Responsibilities Job Description:The Property Maintenance Supervisor will supervise maintenance staff and maintain all common areas of the multi-family property. Give direction to others including maintenance techniciansCandidate shall exhibit leadership qualities with the ability to direct, motivate and supervise personnel to achieve maximum productivity. Self-starter with attention to detail and strong follow through; able to establish priorities and manage multiple tasks simultaneously with innovative problem-solving and decision-making abilities.Responsibilities:Oversee all work orders from start to finishOversee all make-ready unitsOversee all facility operations on the propertyWorking with the on-site Property Manager in managing all maintenance-related and capital improvement activities within an assigned property.Initiating, performing & overseeing maintenance projects.Turnovers, general maintenance, repairs, maintaining fire systems, grounds upkeep, pool upkeep, and overall upkeep of large multi-family properties.Assisting team leaders in carrying out the implementation of various policies, standards, procedures and programs relating to the overall maintenance and upkeep of the properties.Handling a variety of facility maintenance requirements.Works with on-site Property Manager to meet and exceed the needs of the facility.Develop scopes of work for small improvements/services and seek out qualified contractors to bid the work.Developing and maintaining relationships with vendors, negotiating pricing, collaborating on approved vendor list, keeping vendor list updated and publishing the list for the properties.General supervision and support for the service maintenance teams at assigned properties.Experience with RealPage/Yardi or comparable system. Qualifications Qualifications:5-10 Years Property Maintenance Management exp is a must. In addition:You must be proud of the environment you controlCandidates must be detail oriented and hard working.A positive attitude with a smile is a must, due to the fact that this role is a front line position to residents, other personnel or customers.In return, we offer competitive compensation, along with comprehensive benefits, including medical and dental and vision benefits, life insurance, a 401(k) with company match and a corporate team environment. For immediate consideration, please apply online or email your resume with salary requirements.The successful candidate is required to undergo a background check and drug screen.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.'
b' Princeton HealthCare System is a leading provider of healthcare services. As a respected non-profit, community teaching system, we offer compassionate care supported by advanced technologies and an outstanding medical staff. Over 97% of our physicians have achieved board certification, the hallmark of professional excellence. Through our academic and clinical affiliations with institutions including The Childrens Hospital of Philadelphia, we are setting new standards in diagnostic and treatment protocols and achieving successful clinical outcomes for our patients. Princeton HealthCare System is Redefining Care through our commitment to delivering an exceptional level of clinical care and individualized caring for each and every patient.  The nurses of PHCS are dedicated to promoting the health and well being of our patients. PHCS patients receive exceptional nursing care in an environment that is empowering, educational, and nurturing. We act as guides to our patients and their families as they move throughout our healthcare system. As nurses we are part of an organization which promotes shared governance, and is focused on recognizing and rewarding clinical excellence in nursing.  Princeton HealthCare System is currently in search of a Full Time, Nights,Registered Nurse for the University Medical Center of Princeton at Plainsboro, ICU/ IMCU department. Schedule: This position will be a 12 hour shift from 7:00 pm 7:00 am.Position Summary: Registered Nurses are responsible for establishing a therapeutic relationship and an individualized plan of care with the patient for a defined period of time (length of stay on that unit) and for communicating that plan of care to his/her collaborative partners. The collaborative nurse follows the plan of care created by the Attending Nurse and the patient/family, making revisions based upon the patients response to treatment and changing needs. Registered Nurses are accountable for planning, delivering, coordinating, evaluating, and modifying the patients care for that defined period of time and for effectively transitioning that plan of care with attention to continuity across shift and settings of care. It is expected that the patients and/or families will know the name of the Attending Nurse, and the collaborative nurse. In order to achieve the defined outcomes of care, the registered nurse will assure that patients and families experience exceptional cooperation among all members of the health care team who treat them and each other with dignity, respect and sensitivity. Qualifications:All PHCS employees are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption.Required: - Graduate of an accredited school of nursing  - Active Registered Nurse (RN) license in the State of New Jersey  - Basic Life Support certification (BLS) for Healthcare Providers from the American Heart Association (AHA)  - Advanced Cardiac Life Saving certification (ACLS) for Healthcare Providers from the American Heart Assocation (AHA)  - Computer Literacy  - High Level of Physical Strength, Stamina and Agility  - Great Interpersonal and Communication Skills Preferred: - Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN)  - One year or more of Telemetry and/or Critical Care nursing experience  - Specialty Certification  Join Princeton HealthCare System family and be a part of Redefining Care in our community!  Princeton HealthCare System is a qualified employer under the rules of the Government Public Service Loan Forgiveness program & an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE M/F/D/V'
b'Job Description: An Engagement Partner is responsible for the account relationships on an executive level. He/she works with the client partners and ISU leadership to ensure revenue growth and quality delivery on transformational projects.He/she is responsible for the execution of all transformational activities on one (or more) accounts.Accountable for the successful delivery of entire programs for transformation projects.Responsible for overall quality, engagement, and adherence to the schedule and budget for the program.Produce recognized pieces of transformational thought leadership and present at industry events.Engage in significant business development activities jointly with ISU and MMU leadership to broaden the footprint of Our Client and increase the overall revenue base.Responsibilities of Role:Oversee overall delivery roadmaps with her/his teams to ensure deadlines, goals, and overall objectives are met to the client\xe2\x80\x99s satisfaction.Collaborate with the engagement director(s) in the management of overall resource allocation and capacity planning for the program(s).Oversee program level status, metrics, issues and risksOversee various transformational programs, implementing business process improvements, or implementing ERP systems for our clientsLeverage his/her broad business and technical expertise to address technology architecture, blueprinting, data analysis, business modeling, technical design, application development, integration, and enablement.Provide leadership and guidance to engagement directors and client executives involved in the programsCollaborate in scoping prospective engagements and developing proposals."Qualifications:Demonstrated experience in leading major transformational initiatives.At least five (5) full life cycle implementations as an ERP Engagement Director (or equivalent) with multi- module implementations (Finance, Sales, Production, Purchasing, Warehouse)A minimum of twelve (12) years prior transformational ERP consulting or equivalent industry experienceAt least eight (8) years\xe2\x80\x99 experience in proposal and business case developmentProven sales experienceGlobal ERP Implementation experience working with multi-national companies in multi-cultural environments is a plusBachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Business, Computer Science, Math, MIS, or equivalent discipline required, Master\xe2\x80\x99s Degree desiredWillingness to travel 100%"'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b'Would you like to be part of a world-leading, high-growth company providing 3D technologies for the dental industry?3Shape is looking for an ambitious, high performing Sr. Analyst, CRM North America who will be the lead for our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) data tool to improve and optimize the customer journey and support the ambitious 3Shape growth strategy.This individual will work across multiple functions of the organization including Marketing, Sales, Support and Academy (professional education), to drive utilization of this tool throughout the North America organization and to provide input to the Global marketing team for ongoing system enhancements. Additionally, this individual will utilize their strong data analytics expertise to help drive business analysis and decision making.This position reports to the Director, Marketing North America and is based out of our office in Warren, New Jersey, United States. You will have a dotted line reporting structure into the Head of CRM, Global, who resides in our corporate headquarters in Copenhagen, Denmark. You will join a dynamic global CRM team collaborating as a cross-functional team, collecting, analyzing, and designing optimal solutions for the greater part of all 3Shape teams, facilitating CRM as their primary everyday tool.A primary goal will be to drive CRM user adoption in the North American region, driving trainings, process workflows introductory workshops, data exports and analytics as well as training and onboarding of new hires to the CRM Dynamics platform. Your key responsibilities will be to\xe2\x80\xa6. \xe2\x80\xa2 Act as a CRM team champion collecting and prioritizing organizational CRM workshops across organizational teams like i.e. Marketing, Sales, Academy, and Management \xe2\x80\xa2Deliver data analytics and dashboards for the many 3Shape teams facilitating CRM as their daily tool \xe2\x80\xa2 Independently make decisions and drive user adoption, while knowing when to escalate issues \xe2\x80\xa2 Define and develop initiatives to increase global CRM user adoption \xe2\x80\xa2 Perform in-depth data analysis to develop insights and recommendations for the business To succeed in this position, you will need \xe2\x80\xa6 \xe2\x80\xa2 A 4-year college degree in Business plus 2-5+ years of experience in marketing research and data analytics \xe2\x80\xa2 Prior experience with Dynamics CRM or other CRM systems such as SalesForce.com \xe2\x80\xa2 A well-equipped analytical toolbox, including a wide range of analysis methods and skills \xe2\x80\xa2 Strong communication skills to be able to take the analytics and insights developed and transfer them into meaning recommendations for management. \xe2\x80\xa2Strong planning and execution skills, to manage fast paced projects with complexity. \xe2\x80\xa2 The ability to communicate personably and effectively in person, on the phone, and through email with global stakeholders, building relations and making an impact at all levels in the organization. \xe2\x80\xa2 A positive, can-do attitude, as you thrive in a fast-paced environment of innovation and entrepreneurship. Travel requirements include regional and global travel of 20-40 days per year, including some weekends. In return, 3Shape offers you the opportunity to be a part of our exciting growth and culture where we value every person\xe2\x80\x99s contribution to the overall company\xe2\x80\x99s success.We offer a competitive compensation plan including medical/dental, supplemental insurance, a 401(k) plan, and other benefits to support work-life balance. For the right candidate, this position will be an excellent career opportunity in a fast-growing company, with great possibilities to develop professionally and to influence the company\xe2\x80\x99s long-term commercial direction.Please submit your resume along with an optional cover letter explaining how your background and experience are a strong fit for this position and our company.'
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 15 states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. PRODUCE CLERK Produce Clerks are responsible for filling, rotating, and cleaning the produce department and the storage area. Ensure all dated items are organized and rotated properly. Additional responsibilities include but not limited to: Assisting members with courteous and friendly customer serviceAssisting the Produce Manager with Inventory and order processes as neededUnloading product from the truck and placing it in the proper storage areasRequirements:Must be able to lift up to 60 poundsMinimum Age Requirements: Must be at least 18 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b" Hiring CDL-A Truck Drivers immediately! At C.R. England, You Choose Your Lane, You Choose Your Position, and You Get ALL the Benefits! We're seeking truck drivers with a safe and clean record that can handle 18 Wheels, 40 Tons, and 400 Horsepower! If that sounds anything like you, Apply Now."
b' Provides a high level of support services for the professional nursing staff and the routine functions of patient care under the direction of the professional nurse.# Requires a high school diploma or equivalent. Two years of college and six months experience or Bachelors degree in lieu of experience preferred. College study focus in psychology, sociology, nursing or related field or equivalent education. All positions include an every other weekend work requirement.# 18:45-7:15 Week 1: Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday Week 2: Monday, Friday, Saturday'
b'New Brunswick Middle School Math Tutor Jobs - Get paid twice a week, set your own hours, and tutor online or in-person. Apply today for New Brunswick Middle School Math tutoring jobs on the Varsity Tutors platform.  What do we look for in a tutor? Excellent communication skills and a friendly personalityAcademic background in subject areas you wish to tutorAbility to personalize lessons for each student'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b'Job DescriptionGLOBAL COMMUNITY IMPACT (GCI) EVALUATION AND PROGRAM ANALYST (CONTRACTOR POSITION)DESCRIPTION The Evaluation and Program Analyst will ensure timely and accurate reporting of impact across hundreds of programs across the world.  He/she will contribute to building Client as a leader in Monitoring, Evaluation, Accountability and Learning (MEAL) and quality worldwide programming.  This position has dual reporting to the Senior Evaluation Manager, Global and Community Health Insights, GCI, and the Global Director, Insights Team.  DESCRIPTION OF POSITION  The Evaluation and Program Analyst will provide leadership in reporting and support in evaluation, program management, and analysis of programmatic data for the GCI Insights team, GCI Regional teams and GCI cross-functional teams (e.g. Innovations, Social Business Practices, Employee Engagement).  He/she will coordinate with cross-sector teams, including subject-matter experts, evaluation, advocacy, other departments and external evaluation consultants to produce data for internal learning, to support or manage select partnership relationships, and to identify best practices in evaluation.  He/she will be responsible understanding systems for reporting and preparing all documentation for external reporting of key public commitments, such as the commitment to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). the Citizenship and Sustainability (C&S) commitment, the Every Newborn Action Plan (ENAP) Commitment, and the Access to Medicine Index (ATMI).  position requiring organization proficiency, an understanding of global health and development program management, analytic ability and collaboration skills.  Primary Responsibilities:  Monitoring, Evaluation and Reporting (70%)  Ensure completeness and accuracy of data in GIFTS database, including re-coding of grants when necessary  Set up and curate a data management system to ensure accurate and systematic updates of key data points for main external reports (SDG, ENAP, C&S, ATMI) and other ad hoc reporting  Export and analyze data from program partners and compile reach and impact reports, specifically focusing on external reporting due in early March 2018, but also setting up ad hoc reports as needed  Analyze GCI program portfolios for key outcome trends and programmatic best practices  Advise internal team on Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) commitment including output, outcome and impact measurement strategies  Partnership Management responsibilities (30%)  Support senior staff and manage technical aspect of collaboratives and multi-partner initiatives with other private sector and public partners including governments, UN agencies, NGOs  Support senior staff in administrative functions of grant processing  Conduct landscape analyses of issues related to global community health strategy to advise team on trends and priority areas  Work with senior staff to develop communications assets and materials related to program investments and strategic priorities  Prepare internal and external communication materials including PowerPoint presentations, key messages, speeches, media announcements or press releases  Manage events and conferences participation by developing conference plans, panel presentations, abstracts and supporting materials  QUALIFICATIONS: REQUIRED:Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree is in public health, evaluation, economics, statistics, or health-related fields.Excellent knowledge of excelExperience in program evaluation, social impact/nonprofit management/public health, project management or related fieldStrong analytical and problem-solving skillsEffective oral and written communication skills. Ability to take complex themes and present them in simple, graphic visualizations.Cultural awareness, with highly developed interpersonal and communication skills'
b"BioScrip, Inc. is one of the nations leading specialty home infusion companies! Our focus is clinical excellence and improving the quality of our patients lives. With approximately 2,500 employees able to service 46 states, BioScrip has externally-qualified Centers of Excellence built around specific clinical conditions and therapies, as well as Ambulatory Infusion Centers around the country. Ours is a fast-paced dynamic work environment with room for new ideas and opportunities for career advancement. We offer a wide array of welfare benefits as well as Tuition Reimbursement, an Employee Referral Program, and a 401(k) Retirement Savings.Due to our exceptional growth and success, we are recruiting for an Account Executive to join our team.Account Executives are responsible for selling home infusion services to our referral sources including hospitals, physician practices and other healthcare providers. They are responsible for growing revenue and increasing market-share by identifying new referral sources. AEs focus on broad stroke marketing to facilitate referrals to the Clinical Sales Liaison(s). Ideal candidates have a minimum of two years experience selling home infusion or related healthcare services. EDUCATION, TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Bachelor's degree required; at least two (2) years of experience directly related to the duties and responsibilities specified required. Educational requirements may be waived in lieu of evidence of progressive growth in and attainment of the skills necessary to perform the required duties. Must have a valid drivers license and maintain a driving record which meets companys standards. Must have auto insurance in effect at all times.BioScrip is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to age, color, race, ancestry, national origin, disability, genetic information, military status, religion, creed, sex, pregnancy, childbirth, marital status, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, legally protected medical condition, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Background checks and drug screens are part of our hiring process. Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran."
b"Mavis Tire - General Automotive Help in Newark, NJ Put your career into high gear with Mavis Discount Tire! We're looking for a full-time Entry level and Experienced Automotive Technicians to join Team Mavis at one or our state-of-the-art automotive service and tire sales centers in the Newark area. With nearly 800 locations throughout New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts,Pennsylvania, Georgia and Florida, Mavis is one of the largest tire sales and automotive repair chain in the United States.  We are currently seeking candidates for positions at all levels including: Tire Installers Mechanics Alignment TechniciansEmployee Benefits At Mavis, we understand that our people drive our success. We provide our team members with competitive weekly pay, including weekly incentive compensation, a good working environment and an excellent combination of additional benefits like health and dental insurance, a 401(k) retirement savings plan with employer match, paid vacations, paid sick and personal time, on-the-job training, and opportunities for career growth and advancement. Qualifications We recruit team members who share our commitment to providing complete customer satisfaction and delivering the highest quality service. To be eligible for a position as an automotive technician, you must (1) be at least 18 years of age; (2) be legally authorized to work in the United States; and (3) possess 1 year of experience and/or training in tire-related service or any combination of education, training and experience which demonstrates the ability to perform the duties of the position.  As an active position, all Technicians are required to stand, walk, bend, kneel, stoop, crouch, crawl, climb, pull, reach and perform repeated and repetitive movements consistent with vehicle and tire maintenance and repair. Tire Technicians must regularly lift and/or move items weighing over 50 pounds. Mavis is an Equal Opportunity EmployerConsistent with our commitment to the principal of equal employment opportunity for all individuals, we enforce a zero tolerance policy on discrimination at Mavis. Employment decisions are made without regard to an applicant's or employee's actual or perceived membership in any category or status protected by applicable federal, state or local law. The physical demands described above are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the position. Where appropriate, Mavis may provide reasonable accommodation, in order for an otherwise qualified individual to perform the essential functions of the position.0 Job Posted by ApplicantPro"
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b'New Brunswick Phonics Tutoring Jobs. Get paid twice weekly tutoring Phonics in New Brunswick. Apply today! Tutors set their own hours, tutor in-person or online, and choose the opportunities that interest them. '
b" Description  SalonCentric Key Holder - PartTime Do you have a passion for people and delivering exceptional customer service?  Do you seek out exciting new products and training opportunities to become an expert in the hair and beauty industry?  Do you love hair and beauty products? If you answered YES, apply today for our Retail Sales Associate Position! SalonCentric, a subsidiary of L'Or\xc3\xa9al USA, is the premiere wholesale distributor in the United States of the finest salon professional beauty brands and we're seeking qualified candidates. Fabulous PT Benefits: Say goodbye to the mall, late nights and long weekends and enjoy desirable hours with most major holidays off! Enjoy a generous employee discount on the best brands in the business Bring your unique personality and join our creative and fun store teams Enjoy continuous education on hair and beauty products Explore growth and development opportunities within the SalonCentric and L'Or\xc3\xa9al USA family!Team Member Competencies/Responsibilities:Wow the Customer\xe2\x80\x93 Consistently deliver exceptional customer service to Salon professionalsDeliver Results \xe2\x80\x93 Sell the finest professional beauty brands and educate customers on promotions, upcoming sales events and advertised products; process and replenish merchandise; prepare and participate in physical inventories and periodic cycle counts; maintain store appearance; process sales and return transactions.Be an Expert\xe2\x80\x93 Gain essential product knowledge & share exciting beauty industry trends with our customersCollaborate\xe2\x80\x93 Work together in a positive team environment; achieve goals and prioritiesGrow and Develop \xe2\x80\x93 Commit to excellence and experience endless growth opportunitiesAct with Integrity \xe2\x80\x93 Always!Requirements: Outstanding customer service and communication skills Retail or related experience strongly preferred Basic reading and math skills Ability to use computerized point of sale system, SAP experience preferred Must be able to work weekends as availability guidelines require 18 years of age and High School Diploma or equivalent GED, preferred Must be able to lift up to 20 lbs. Must be able to stand and walk about the store throughout scheduled shiftTo learn more about the position and what the company is up to, please follow us on: INSTAGRAM | FACEBOOK | YOUTUBE | TWITTER | PINTEREST | PERISCOPE  SALONCENTRIC IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER AND AFFORDS EQUAL OPPORTUNITY TO ALL APPLICANTS FOR ALL POSITIONS WITHOUT REGARD TO RACE, COLOR, RELIGION, GENDER (INCLUDING PREGNANCY), NATIONAL ORIGIN, AGE, DISABILITY, VETERAN STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION OR ANY OTHER STATUS PROTECTED UNDER LOCAL, STATE OR FEDERAL LAWS.  #SCJOB1 #saloncentric #beauty #retail #parttime #pt #sales #lorealusa #loreal #salon #centric #makeup #cosmetologist #hairdresser #stylist"
b' Position SummaryThe Business Development Director position is a key sales role within the Life Sciences Unit sales team for North America, responsible for executing regional sales and business development strategies for target companies within the Life Sciences Unit.  The candidate will play a hunter role, responsible for acquiring new clients.  The candidate will target sales of an entire portfolio of IT Outsourcing services including Consulting, BPO, ADM, IS and Engineering Services for targeted firms. The position\xe2\x80\x99s primary responsibility is to achieve new sales results for services in the sales regions identified above. The candidate will develop revenue-producing relationships with decision-making CxO level executives at targeted firms, as well as drive the sales cycle of all assigned sales opportunities from initial prospect communication through contract execution. The role is supported by on-site and offshore Pre-Sales & Solutioning teams.Responsibilities Achieve monthly, quarterly and annual sales targets established by the Life Sciences Sales Head and execute business development, offering positioning and sales strategies as a member of the sales team for North America.Achieve lead generation, prospecting and other sales management goals designed to build an optimal sales pipeline.Personally develop strong, long-term relationships and referrals with senior management at targeted firmsManage the end-to-end sales process for all opportunities including initial client communication, on-site presentations, RFI response, multi-day client workshops, RFP submission, negotiation and deal signing. The candidate is the focal point for all communication and sales activities with prospects and customers.Work in close collaboration with presales team & delivery teams to ensure that proposed offerings and services fully meet customers\xe2\x80\x99 business and technology needs.Provide support to customers during initial phases of an engagement. Follow up and ensure total client satisfaction through the life cycle of the relationship.Support the team\xe2\x80\x99s market research and competitive positioning analysis in partnership with regional presales, marketing and product development staff.Adhere to all Sales, Human Resource, and corporate ethical policies, standards and guidelines.Demonstrate strong personal communication and presentation skills to establish interest, credibility and trust. Skill and Experience Requirements Strong hunter profile with a proven track record of success in selling technology outsourcing services into the Life Sciences IndustryDemonstration of a consistent over-achievement of client acquisition and sales revenue targets.At least 8 years of experience in selling IT services within the region, preferably working in a leading IT services & products firm with prior experience of working with offshore teams.Strong local contact base and access to alumni, local associations, industry associations within the region.Good understanding of the Life Sciences IndustryExperience with vendor selection processes including RFI and RFP issuance and response management;Experience of working on opportunities run by Third Party Advisory Firms such as TPI, Equaterra , etcUnderstanding of customer decision making criteria as it pertains to offshore services, consulting, enterprise solutionsAbility to maintain strong sales management focus during sales cycles that are typically six months to one year in duration.Demonstrated ability to manage often complex negotiations with senior-level business and technology executives at leading Life Sciences Companies.Thorough command of English, both written and spoken. Travel Requirements The candidate is expected to travel regularly to regional prospect and customer locations to support lead generation, sales presentations, contract negotiations, engagement implementation, and ongoing relationship building. Education Requirements Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree required.'
b"Assistant Community ManagerAbout The Community Builders, Inc. Join a growing organization that is strengthening neighborhoods across the nation! The Community Builders, Inc. (TCB) is one of America's leading nonprofit real estate developers and owners. Our mission is to build and sustain strong communities where people of all incomes can achieve their full potential. Position Description: Under the direction of the Community Manager, the Assistant Community Manager is responsible for leasing, compliance, maximizing rental income and customer service. This job involves heavy emphasis on operations administration and meeting compliance objectives, resident retention and providing a quality living experience for the residents. Certification in COS and LIHTC strongly preferred. Essential Functions:Assists with daily site operations, keeping open communication with the Community Manager, Resident Specialist, Community Life and Service Maintenance staff regarding issues.Monitors, directs and tracks performance of leasing, retention and re-certifications to meet a 97% physical occupancy goal. Anticipates vacancies and is proactive in attracting new tenants.Prepares re-certifications, leasing applications, verifications, occupancy agreements and reports.Screens applicants to ensure compliance with Tenant Selection Plan, and regulatory requirements.Keeps informed of market conditions and update competitive market analysis quarterly.Enters and codes invoices, posts rents, makes deposits and maintains accurate resident ledgers.Monitors rent balances, collects rents, and sends out late or quit notices as required.Participates in all aspects of managing a property, include: business goals, budgeting, risk management, physical assets, maintenance, compliance, reporting, and personnel management.Oversees office functions, including office hours, filing, computer systems, reports, etc.Inspects property, picks up litter, and reports issues to Service Maintenance Manager.Handles resident issues and concerns, partnering with Community Manager as needed.Inspects market ready units for acceptance to lease and for resident move in.Assists n recruitment, training, supervision and motivation of team members and participates in the preparation of the annual reviews and performance management process.Performs other duties are required.Education & Experience:College degree or 3+ years in a progressive career path in Residential Property Management, Hotel, Hospitality or Retail Management required.2+ years of experience in Property Management, Hotel, Hospitality or Retail required.Industry designations (COS, LIHTC, ARM\xc2\xae, etc.) required.Knowledge of all regulatory programs, polices and Federal Housing Laws and Guidelines required.Strong Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook and Yardi or other industry software experience required.Proven Excellent Customer Service skills required.The Community Builders, Inc. is committed to ensuring diversity in its workplace, and candidates from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply."
b' TeamHealth has an excellent opportunity for a full-time Physician to join our OB/Gyn Hospitalist team at JFK Medical Center in Edison, New Jersey. This opportunity includes supporting a Federally Qualified Clinic and a Family Medicine Residency clinic. We ask that you be a Board Certified in OB/Gyn, able to demonstrate clinical excellence with superior communication skills, and a focus on providing quality care placing the patient above all other considerations. Additional qualifications also include active and current skills in the full breadth of the OB/Gyn specialty, and a current New Jersey license to practice. This position entails 20 to 40 hours per week of clinic coverage over 3 - 5 weekdays providing prenatal and postpartum care, as well as Gyn services. The opportunity is available to also cover some 24-hour in-house OB/Gyn Hospitalist shifts on a PRN basis to perform deliveries and Emergency Gyn services as needed. The ideal candidate must be comfortable working with and supporting Certified Nurse Midwifes and Family Medicine Residents. TeamHealth offers competitive pay plus paid professional liability insurance with tail coverage and sovereign immunity with FQHC patients. Candidates must possess a willingness to drive patient safety and quality initiatives as required by the TeamHealth Patient Safety Organization, insurability for malpractice insurance, and at least 3 years of post-residency experience with a successful record of accomplishment.'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Target Shopping Center  136 Route 10 W  East Hanover, NJ 07936 '

b"Accounts Payable ClerkLevel EntryJob Location Edison - Edison, NJPosition Type Full TimeEducation Level 2 Year DegreeJob Shift DayJob Category AccountingC+A Global is a leading international manufacturer based in Central New Jersey, who is the supplier of thousands of cool and unique electronics, cameras, photography equipment and accessories in the consumer marketplace. C+A Global owns and operates its own stores and online imaging business, RitzPix. It has the exclusive licenses of private brands such as Polaroid, Zink, Skymall, Ivation and LyxPro just to name a few! With our outstanding, award-winning products being released every year, our brands attract the attention of well-known media outlets such as the Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Today Show, and The New York Times! Our company continues to expand in growth and as one of the world's largest and most diverse online retailers we are excited to create new opportunities for job seekers! Apply now and Join our team! We are seeking a detail oriented, hands on Accounts Payable Clerk in our Edison office. The Accounts Payable Clerk supports the accounting team in all financial areas, including accounting related actions, reconciling invoices and processing payments. Responsible for handling expenses and balancing accounts.QualificationsMain Responsibilities:Assists with financial accounts and reports to the AP ManagerAssist with expense tracking by receiving, processing and reconciling invoicesMonitor accounts to ensure payments are up to dateKnowledgeable Functions:Process expense reports and performs check runsPost transactions to journals, ledgers and other recordsMaintain vendor files and assists with month end closing in the systemProvides supporting documentation for auditsDesired Qualifications:1-3 years of accounting experienceStrong skills in Excel and QuickbooksExcellent communication and administrative skillsExperience in an Retail/E-commerce Environment preferredWhat We Offer!United Healthcare Benefits (Health, Vision, Dental)10-15 Paid Holidays Off!Short/Long Term Disability 100% Company PaidLife Insurance 100% Company Paid401K Options!Great Employee Discounts!Great opportunity to work for a growing and exciting company!All applicants are subject to a background screening. CA Global is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status."

b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Overview Since its founding in 1992, Edgewood Properties has established itself as a leading real estate development and property management company. With corporate headquarters in New Jersey, the company is on a course of growth leading to activities across the nation. Currently, we are seeking to hire a highly experienced and hands-on Maintenance Manager to lead a team of maintenance techs and other maintenance staff at our beautiful luxury rental community in Piscataway.We would prefer the maintenance manager live on premise or be close by to deal with emergencies. Responsibilities Job Description:The Property Maintenance Supervisor will supervise maintenance staff and maintain all common areas of the multi-family property. Give direction to others including maintenance techniciansCandidate shall exhibit leadership qualities with the ability to direct, motivate and supervise personnel to achieve maximum productivity. Self-starter with attention to detail and strong follow through; able to establish priorities and manage multiple tasks simultaneously with innovative problem-solving and decision-making abilities.Responsibilities:Oversee all work orders from start to finishOversee all make-ready unitsOversee all facility operations on the propertyWorking with the on-site Property Manager in managing all maintenance-related and capital improvement activities within an assigned property.Initiating, performing & overseeing maintenance projects.Turnovers, general maintenance, repairs, maintaining fire systems, grounds upkeep, pool upkeep, and overall upkeep of large multi-family properties.Assisting team leaders in carrying out the implementation of various policies, standards, procedures and programs relating to the overall maintenance and upkeep of the properties.Handling a variety of facility maintenance requirements.Works with on-site Property Manager to meet and exceed the needs of the facility.Develop scopes of work for small improvements/services and seek out qualified contractors to bid the work.Developing and maintaining relationships with vendors, negotiating pricing, collaborating on approved vendor list, keeping vendor list updated and publishing the list for the properties.General supervision and support for the service maintenance teams at assigned properties.Experience with RealPage/Yardi or comparable system. Qualifications Qualifications:5-10 Years Property Maintenance Management exp is a must. In addition:You must be proud of the environment you controlCandidates must be detail oriented and hard working.A positive attitude with a smile is a must, due to the fact that this role is a front line position to residents, other personnel or customers.In return, we offer competitive compensation, along with comprehensive benefits, including medical and dental and vision benefits, life insurance, a 401(k) with company match and a corporate team environment. For immediate consideration, please apply online or email your resume with salary requirements.The successful candidate is required to undergo a background check and drug screen.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.'
b'Job Description: An Engagement Partner is responsible for the account relationships on an executive level. He/she works with the client partners and ISU leadership to ensure revenue growth and quality delivery on transformational projects.He/she is responsible for the execution of all transformational activities on one (or more) accounts.Accountable for the successful delivery of entire programs for transformation projects.Responsible for overall quality, engagement, and adherence to the schedule and budget for the program.Produce recognized pieces of transformational thought leadership and present at industry events.Engage in significant business development activities jointly with ISU and MMU leadership to broaden the footprint of Our Client and increase the overall revenue base.Responsibilities of Role:Oversee overall delivery roadmaps with her/his teams to ensure deadlines, goals, and overall objectives are met to the client\xe2\x80\x99s satisfaction.Collaborate with the engagement director(s) in the management of overall resource allocation and capacity planning for the program(s).Oversee program level status, metrics, issues and risksOversee various transformational programs, implementing business process improvements, or implementing ERP systems for our clientsLeverage his/her broad business and technical expertise to address technology architecture, blueprinting, data analysis, business modeling, technical design, application development, integration, and enablement.Provide leadership and guidance to engagement directors and client executives involved in the programsCollaborate in scoping prospective engagements and developing proposals."Qualifications:Demonstrated experience in leading major transformational initiatives.At least five (5) full life cycle implementations as an ERP Engagement Director (or equivalent) with multi- module implementations (Finance, Sales, Production, Purchasing, Warehouse)A minimum of twelve (12) years prior transformational ERP consulting or equivalent industry experienceAt least eight (8) years\xe2\x80\x99 experience in proposal and business case developmentProven sales experienceGlobal ERP Implementation experience working with multi-national companies in multi-cultural environments is a plusBachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Business, Computer Science, Math, MIS, or equivalent discipline required, Master\xe2\x80\x99s Degree desiredWillingness to travel 100%"'
b'Would you like to be part of a world-leading, high-growth company providing 3D technologies for the dental industry?3Shape is looking for an ambitious, high performing Sr. Analyst, CRM North America who will be the lead for our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) data tool to improve and optimize the customer journey and support the ambitious 3Shape growth strategy.This individual will work across multiple functions of the organization including Marketing, Sales, Support and Academy (professional education), to drive utilization of this tool throughout the North America organization and to provide input to the Global marketing team for ongoing system enhancements. Additionally, this individual will utilize their strong data analytics expertise to help drive business analysis and decision making.This position reports to the Director, Marketing North America and is based out of our office in Warren, New Jersey, United States. You will have a dotted line reporting structure into the Head of CRM, Global, who resides in our corporate headquarters in Copenhagen, Denmark. You will join a dynamic global CRM team collaborating as a cross-functional team, collecting, analyzing, and designing optimal solutions for the greater part of all 3Shape teams, facilitating CRM as their primary everyday tool.A primary goal will be to drive CRM user adoption in the North American region, driving trainings, process workflows introductory workshops, data exports and analytics as well as training and onboarding of new hires to the CRM Dynamics platform. Your key responsibilities will be to\xe2\x80\xa6. \xe2\x80\xa2 Act as a CRM team champion collecting and prioritizing organizational CRM workshops across organizational teams like i.e. Marketing, Sales, Academy, and Management \xe2\x80\xa2Deliver data analytics and dashboards for the many 3Shape teams facilitating CRM as their daily tool \xe2\x80\xa2 Independently make decisions and drive user adoption, while knowing when to escalate issues \xe2\x80\xa2 Define and develop initiatives to increase global CRM user adoption \xe2\x80\xa2 Perform in-depth data analysis to develop insights and recommendations for the business To succeed in this position, you will need \xe2\x80\xa6 \xe2\x80\xa2 A 4-year college degree in Business plus 2-5+ years of experience in marketing research and data analytics \xe2\x80\xa2 Prior experience with Dynamics CRM or other CRM systems such as SalesForce.com \xe2\x80\xa2 A well-equipped analytical toolbox, including a wide range of analysis methods and skills \xe2\x80\xa2 Strong communication skills to be able to take the analytics and insights developed and transfer them into meaning recommendations for management. \xe2\x80\xa2Strong planning and execution skills, to manage fast paced projects with complexity. \xe2\x80\xa2 The ability to communicate personably and effectively in person, on the phone, and through email with global stakeholders, building relations and making an impact at all levels in the organization. \xe2\x80\xa2 A positive, can-do attitude, as you thrive in a fast-paced environment of innovation and entrepreneurship. Travel requirements include regional and global travel of 20-40 days per year, including some weekends. In return, 3Shape offers you the opportunity to be a part of our exciting growth and culture where we value every person\xe2\x80\x99s contribution to the overall company\xe2\x80\x99s success.We offer a competitive compensation plan including medical/dental, supplemental insurance, a 401(k) plan, and other benefits to support work-life balance. For the right candidate, this position will be an excellent career opportunity in a fast-growing company, with great possibilities to develop professionally and to influence the company\xe2\x80\x99s long-term commercial direction.Please submit your resume along with an optional cover letter explaining how your background and experience are a strong fit for this position and our company.'
b" Hiring CDL-A Truck Drivers immediately! At C.R. England, You Choose Your Lane, You Choose Your Position, and You Get ALL the Benefits! We're seeking truck drivers with a safe and clean record that can handle 18 Wheels, 40 Tons, and 400 Horsepower! If that sounds anything like you, Apply Now."
b'New Brunswick Middle School Math Tutor Jobs - Get paid twice a week, set your own hours, and tutor online or in-person. Apply today for New Brunswick Middle School Math tutoring jobs on the Varsity Tutors platform.  What do we look for in a tutor? Excellent communication skills and a friendly personalityAcademic background in subject areas you wish to tutorAbility to personalize lessons for each student'
b'Job DescriptionGLOBAL COMMUNITY IMPACT (GCI) EVALUATION AND PROGRAM ANALYST (CONTRACTOR POSITION)DESCRIPTION The Evaluation and Program Analyst will ensure timely and accurate reporting of impact across hundreds of programs across the world.  He/she will contribute to building Client as a leader in Monitoring, Evaluation, Accountability and Learning (MEAL) and quality worldwide programming.  This position has dual reporting to the Senior Evaluation Manager, Global and Community Health Insights, GCI, and the Global Director, Insights Team.  DESCRIPTION OF POSITION  The Evaluation and Program Analyst will provide leadership in reporting and support in evaluation, program management, and analysis of programmatic data for the GCI Insights team, GCI Regional teams and GCI cross-functional teams (e.g. Innovations, Social Business Practices, Employee Engagement).  He/she will coordinate with cross-sector teams, including subject-matter experts, evaluation, advocacy, other departments and external evaluation consultants to produce data for internal learning, to support or manage select partnership relationships, and to identify best practices in evaluation.  He/she will be responsible understanding systems for reporting and preparing all documentation for external reporting of key public commitments, such as the commitment to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). the Citizenship and Sustainability (C&S) commitment, the Every Newborn Action Plan (ENAP) Commitment, and the Access to Medicine Index (ATMI).  position requiring organization proficiency, an understanding of global health and development program management, analytic ability and collaboration skills.  Primary Responsibilities:  Monitoring, Evaluation and Reporting (70%)  Ensure completeness and accuracy of data in GIFTS database, including re-coding of grants when necessary  Set up and curate a data management system to ensure accurate and systematic updates of key data points for main external reports (SDG, ENAP, C&S, ATMI) and other ad hoc reporting  Export and analyze data from program partners and compile reach and impact reports, specifically focusing on external reporting due in early March 2018, but also setting up ad hoc reports as needed  Analyze GCI program portfolios for key outcome trends and programmatic best practices  Advise internal team on Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) commitment including output, outcome and impact measurement strategies  Partnership Management responsibilities (30%)  Support senior staff and manage technical aspect of collaboratives and multi-partner initiatives with other private sector and public partners including governments, UN agencies, NGOs  Support senior staff in administrative functions of grant processing  Conduct landscape analyses of issues related to global community health strategy to advise team on trends and priority areas  Work with senior staff to develop communications assets and materials related to program investments and strategic priorities  Prepare internal and external communication materials including PowerPoint presentations, key messages, speeches, media announcements or press releases  Manage events and conferences participation by developing conference plans, panel presentations, abstracts and supporting materials  QUALIFICATIONS: REQUIRED:Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree is in public health, evaluation, economics, statistics, or health-related fields.Excellent knowledge of excelExperience in program evaluation, social impact/nonprofit management/public health, project management or related fieldStrong analytical and problem-solving skillsEffective oral and written communication skills. Ability to take complex themes and present them in simple, graphic visualizations.Cultural awareness, with highly developed interpersonal and communication skills'
b"Mavis Tire - General Automotive Help in Newark, NJ Put your career into high gear with Mavis Discount Tire! We're looking for a full-time Entry level and Experienced Automotive Technicians to join Team Mavis at one or our state-of-the-art automotive service and tire sales centers in the Newark area. With nearly 800 locations throughout New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts,Pennsylvania, Georgia and Florida, Mavis is one of the largest tire sales and automotive repair chain in the United States.  We are currently seeking candidates for positions at all levels including: Tire Installers Mechanics Alignment TechniciansEmployee Benefits At Mavis, we understand that our people drive our success. We provide our team members with competitive weekly pay, including weekly incentive compensation, a good working environment and an excellent combination of additional benefits like health and dental insurance, a 401(k) retirement savings plan with employer match, paid vacations, paid sick and personal time, on-the-job training, and opportunities for career growth and advancement. Qualifications We recruit team members who share our commitment to providing complete customer satisfaction and delivering the highest quality service. To be eligible for a position as an automotive technician, you must (1) be at least 18 years of age; (2) be legally authorized to work in the United States; and (3) possess 1 year of experience and/or training in tire-related service or any combination of education, training and experience which demonstrates the ability to perform the duties of the position.  As an active position, all Technicians are required to stand, walk, bend, kneel, stoop, crouch, crawl, climb, pull, reach and perform repeated and repetitive movements consistent with vehicle and tire maintenance and repair. Tire Technicians must regularly lift and/or move items weighing over 50 pounds. Mavis is an Equal Opportunity EmployerConsistent with our commitment to the principal of equal employment opportunity for all individuals, we enforce a zero tolerance policy on discrimination at Mavis. Employment decisions are made without regard to an applicant's or employee's actual or perceived membership in any category or status protected by applicable federal, state or local law. The physical demands described above are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the position. Where appropriate, Mavis may provide reasonable accommodation, in order for an otherwise qualified individual to perform the essential functions of the position.0 Job Posted by ApplicantPro"
b'New Brunswick Phonics Tutoring Jobs. Get paid twice weekly tutoring Phonics in New Brunswick. Apply today! Tutors set their own hours, tutor in-person or online, and choose the opportunities that interest them. '
b' Position SummaryThe Business Development Director position is a key sales role within the Life Sciences Unit sales team for North America, responsible for executing regional sales and business development strategies for target companies within the Life Sciences Unit.  The candidate will play a hunter role, responsible for acquiring new clients.  The candidate will target sales of an entire portfolio of IT Outsourcing services including Consulting, BPO, ADM, IS and Engineering Services for targeted firms. The position\xe2\x80\x99s primary responsibility is to achieve new sales results for services in the sales regions identified above. The candidate will develop revenue-producing relationships with decision-making CxO level executives at targeted firms, as well as drive the sales cycle of all assigned sales opportunities from initial prospect communication through contract execution. The role is supported by on-site and offshore Pre-Sales & Solutioning teams.Responsibilities Achieve monthly, quarterly and annual sales targets established by the Life Sciences Sales Head and execute business development, offering positioning and sales strategies as a member of the sales team for North America.Achieve lead generation, prospecting and other sales management goals designed to build an optimal sales pipeline.Personally develop strong, long-term relationships and referrals with senior management at targeted firmsManage the end-to-end sales process for all opportunities including initial client communication, on-site presentations, RFI response, multi-day client workshops, RFP submission, negotiation and deal signing. The candidate is the focal point for all communication and sales activities with prospects and customers.Work in close collaboration with presales team & delivery teams to ensure that proposed offerings and services fully meet customers\xe2\x80\x99 business and technology needs.Provide support to customers during initial phases of an engagement. Follow up and ensure total client satisfaction through the life cycle of the relationship.Support the team\xe2\x80\x99s market research and competitive positioning analysis in partnership with regional presales, marketing and product development staff.Adhere to all Sales, Human Resource, and corporate ethical policies, standards and guidelines.Demonstrate strong personal communication and presentation skills to establish interest, credibility and trust. Skill and Experience Requirements Strong hunter profile with a proven track record of success in selling technology outsourcing services into the Life Sciences IndustryDemonstration of a consistent over-achievement of client acquisition and sales revenue targets.At least 8 years of experience in selling IT services within the region, preferably working in a leading IT services & products firm with prior experience of working with offshore teams.Strong local contact base and access to alumni, local associations, industry associations within the region.Good understanding of the Life Sciences IndustryExperience with vendor selection processes including RFI and RFP issuance and response management;Experience of working on opportunities run by Third Party Advisory Firms such as TPI, Equaterra , etcUnderstanding of customer decision making criteria as it pertains to offshore services, consulting, enterprise solutionsAbility to maintain strong sales management focus during sales cycles that are typically six months to one year in duration.Demonstrated ability to manage often complex negotiations with senior-level business and technology executives at leading Life Sciences Companies.Thorough command of English, both written and spoken. Travel Requirements The candidate is expected to travel regularly to regional prospect and customer locations to support lead generation, sales presentations, contract negotiations, engagement implementation, and ongoing relationship building. Education Requirements Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree required.'
b' TeamHealth has an excellent opportunity for a full-time Physician to join our OB/Gyn Hospitalist team at JFK Medical Center in Edison, New Jersey. This opportunity includes supporting a Federally Qualified Clinic and a Family Medicine Residency clinic. We ask that you be a Board Certified in OB/Gyn, able to demonstrate clinical excellence with superior communication skills, and a focus on providing quality care placing the patient above all other considerations. Additional qualifications also include active and current skills in the full breadth of the OB/Gyn specialty, and a current New Jersey license to practice. This position entails 20 to 40 hours per week of clinic coverage over 3 - 5 weekdays providing prenatal and postpartum care, as well as Gyn services. The opportunity is available to also cover some 24-hour in-house OB/Gyn Hospitalist shifts on a PRN basis to perform deliveries and Emergency Gyn services as needed. The ideal candidate must be comfortable working with and supporting Certified Nurse Midwifes and Family Medicine Residents. TeamHealth offers competitive pay plus paid professional liability insurance with tail coverage and sovereign immunity with FQHC patients. Candidates must possess a willingness to drive patient safety and quality initiatives as required by the TeamHealth Patient Safety Organization, insurability for malpractice insurance, and at least 3 years of post-residency experience with a successful record of accomplishment.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Target Shopping Center  136 Route 10 W  East Hanover, NJ 07936 '
b"Accounts Payable ClerkLevel EntryJob Location Edison - Edison, NJPosition Type Full TimeEducation Level 2 Year DegreeJob Shift DayJob Category AccountingC+A Global is a leading international manufacturer based in Central New Jersey, who is the supplier of thousands of cool and unique electronics, cameras, photography equipment and accessories in the consumer marketplace. C+A Global owns and operates its own stores and online imaging business, RitzPix. It has the exclusive licenses of private brands such as Polaroid, Zink, Skymall, Ivation and LyxPro just to name a few! With our outstanding, award-winning products being released every year, our brands attract the attention of well-known media outlets such as the Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Today Show, and The New York Times! Our company continues to expand in growth and as one of the world's largest and most diverse online retailers we are excited to create new opportunities for job seekers! Apply now and Join our team! We are seeking a detail oriented, hands on Accounts Payable Clerk in our Edison office. The Accounts Payable Clerk supports the accounting team in all financial areas, including accounting related actions, reconciling invoices and processing payments. Responsible for handling expenses and balancing accounts.QualificationsMain Responsibilities:Assists with financial accounts and reports to the AP ManagerAssist with expense tracking by receiving, processing and reconciling invoicesMonitor accounts to ensure payments are up to dateKnowledgeable Functions:Process expense reports and performs check runsPost transactions to journals, ledgers and other recordsMaintain vendor files and assists with month end closing in the systemProvides supporting documentation for auditsDesired Qualifications:1-3 years of accounting experienceStrong skills in Excel and QuickbooksExcellent communication and administrative skillsExperience in an Retail/E-commerce Environment preferredWhat We Offer!United Healthcare Benefits (Health, Vision, Dental)10-15 Paid Holidays Off!Short/Long Term Disability 100% Company PaidLife Insurance 100% Company Paid401K Options!Great Employee Discounts!Great opportunity to work for a growing and exciting company!All applicants are subject to a background screening. CA Global is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'

b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Downtown Metuchen  438 Main St  Metuchen, NJ 08840 '
b" C.R. England is now offering $0 out-of-pocket CDL-A training at our premier truck driving school! We're training and hiring new truck drivers ASAP! At C.R. England, You Choose Your Lane, You Choose Your Position, and You Get ALL the Benefits! Apply Now."
b' Shift Type Night Job Title Registered Nurse - Telemetry - Med/Surg (Nights) Location Williamson Street - Elizabeth, NJ 07202 US (Primary) Category Nursing - Professional Work Schedule Full Time Job DescriptionThe Telemetry Unit is a 38-bed unit. This team-oriented unit provides a wide variety of Medical/Surgical and diagnostic services to a diverse cardiac population (i.e., congestive heart failure, coronary artery disease, respiratory compromise and dysrhythmias ) The skills learned here set the groundwork for advancement to critical care. Job RequirementsCurrent New Jersey Professional Registered Nurse License. Ability to perform all competencies of the position is required for employment in the position. CPR certification within the first 6 months of employment on 6 South. No experience required.Trinitas Regional Medical Center'
b' Provides a high level of support services for the professional nursing staff and the routine functions of patient care under the direction of the professional nurse.# Requires a high school diploma or equivalent. Two years of college and six months experience or Bachelors degree in lieu of experience preferred. College study focus in psychology, sociology, nursing or related field or equivalent education. All positions include an every other weekend work requirement.# 6:45-15:15 Every Saturday'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... You\xe2\x80\x99ll uncover and create actionable insights to drive our strategies, business decisions and overall competitive advantage. The work you do will inspire us to bring the best solutions to both the business and consumer market\xe2\x80\x94because of our enhanced understanding of their needs. You\xe2\x80\x99ll design studies, gather primary and secondary research, manage our vendor partners, and ensure that we get the best market insights to drive our decision making. By helping us understand and anticipate customer needs, you\xe2\x80\x99ll be shaping what\xe2\x80\x99s next for us. Partnering with leaders to understand key business issues.Designing and shaping research designs to yield actionable insights.Managing research agency partners and research projects from scoping to delivery.Synthesizing information from various sources into meaningful insights.Presenting actionable recommendations to leaders.What we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... Digging into lots of data fascinates you and you know its real value is in the insights it provides. You have a consulting approach to really understand research needs and design the right research solution. People trust and value your opinion. You\xe2\x80\x99re able to translate data into narratives, and tailor your presentation and recommendations to the audience function and level to meet their needs. But you\xe2\x80\x99re not just about the numbers\xe2\x80\x94you have a business mindset that makes your recommendations sound and practical.  You\xe2\x80\x99ll need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Consumer market research experience. Even better if you have: A degree.Designed small and large scale research projects involving primary and secondary data collection. Ideally, consumer and business research.Analyzed data from multiple sources, provided insights and recommendations tailored to different functions and levels.Managed agency vendor relationships including scoping, budgeting, quality and timeliness.Experience with marketing communications and mobile, digital, and social media platforms.When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b' OverviewJob purpose The Assistant Site Manager is responsible for assisting in managing, overseeing and ensuring the successful administrative, financial and operational aspects of a site. Essentially, an Assistant Site Manager is responsible for: Supporting a patient-centric urgent care experience from welcome to departure of the facilityFostering an inviting and hospitable environment where the patient feels appreciated and well-cared forAiding in an experience where the patient will want to come back and refer their family and friends to the site for all their urgent care needs ResponsibilitiesThe primary duties and responsibilities of an Assistant Site Manager may include (but not limited to):  Site Management Presiding over the \xe2\x80\x9cpatient flow\xe2\x80\x9d at the siteMaking sure that a registered patient gets assigned to the correct exam room and that the providers know (during busy periods) which patient within their zone is to be seen nextManaging the performance of the front desk operation; understanding at all times of how many patients have visited the site, whether there are any delays in the registration process, and what follow-up needs to be conducted after a patient is dischargedEnsuring that the PCRs are compliant with all duties related to registration and discharge, including insurance eligibility checks, proper registration, and referrals when neededAssisting the Site Manager in preparing the schedule for non-providers (provider scheduling is not done by the assistant manager)Ordering all medical supplies, medications, vaccinations and office supplies for the siteMonitoring the site making sure the site is clean and presentableOpening and closing the site as requiredAssisting the site manager in administrative and operational responsibilities; provide coverage when the site manager is not on the premises People Management Building strong positive communication with providers and works as a team to enhance the success of the practiceEnsuring staff maintains professionalism at all times including proper uniform attire, manner of performing professional duties and all forms of communication with patients, families and companies with which we do businessCoaching, managing, and developing the staff when site manager is not present Business and Patient Management Maintaining patient confidentiality in accordance to policy and procedure as well as HIPAA requirementsInteracting with patients (and families) at discharge in a courteous and respectful manner, resolving disputes, and reviewing patient satisfaction cards QualificationsA candidate\xe2\x80\x99s qualifications will include: 1-3 years of managing experience a must (urgent care, medical practice, hospital, retail, hospitality or restaurant industries)Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s Degree in Hospitality Management, Hotel/Restaurant Management, Business or other applicable degree preferred (will consider relevant management experience in lieu of degree)Exceptional patient/customer service skillsHappy and positive thinking, able to project this attitude around othersMust exhibit passion for outstanding results and compassion for those we work with and serveAbility to successfully multi-taskTime management skillsHigh attention to detailAbility to work in a fast-paced/ever-changing environmentGood computer skills (knowledge of a PC, Microsoft Office programs)Ability to work well in a team environmentExceptional communication skillsGreat leadership qualities a mustAble to handle group dynamics (help bringing unity to a diverse group)Able to troubleshoot when necessaryComfortable with constructive confrontation and counseling managementHas an entrepreneurial spirit and takes a proactive approach to business operationsBilingual a plusCardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) certified a plusAdditional Information This job will require long shifts, weekend, closing, and opening shifts (will depend on schedule necessary at facility)'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Bound Brook  600 W Union Ave  Bound Brook, NJ 08805 '
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b"Lead, inspire, motivate and develop a team of strong, versatile performers. Brighten prospects for patients as well as your career. Help others, and enhance your potential for success with a premier healthcare organization.Connect with your goals and change liveswith Fresenius Medical Care North America. Use your passion for excellence to drive positive changeone patient at a time. Empower and encourage your team to learn and develop new skills. Established as the global leader in dialysis healthcare, we form powerful bonds among patients, their families, and our team members. Through this unique approach, we have built an atmosphere of clinical excellence and professional achievement. Offering vast training and development opportunities, we advance careers and the health of countless individuals.Why Join the Fresenius Team?Passion. Dedication. Knowledge. Motivation. Experience. These are the impressive qualities youll find in the Fresenius Leadership Team. Our strength in the North American market and extensive global network provide our employees with the best of both worldsthe friendliness of a local organization and the stability of a worldwide organizationfor diverse experiences and challenging career opportunities. When you join the Fresenius Medical Care team, youll be welcomed into a company that is built on the philosophy that our employees are our most important asset. Our career advantages include the following:Fresenius Medical Care is the nations largest provider of renal care, meeting the needs of more than 135,000 patients at 1,800 clinics throughout the country.Our well-established, trusted organization fosters a spirit of camaraderie, emphasizing friendly collaboration, professional support, and career development.Superior training, UltraCare\xc2\xae quality control, and certification procedures ensure your potential to succeed and advance as a professional.Competitive compensation and exceptional benefits.Outstanding tuition reimbursement program.Recognized among Fortunes Worlds Most Admired Companies in 2011.National Safety Award from CNA insurance companies for 11 consecutive years.Opportunities to give back by participating in philanthropy and community outreach programs.Clinical ManagerThis is a unique opportunity to build a career with a premier healthcare provider. As a clinical supervisor of our hemodialysis team, the natural leader we select will provide direction, inspiration, and counseling to staff members, and coordinate all aspects of care, from admission to discharge. In addition, this individual will hire, train, lead a team, and ensure quality control and compliance with laws and regulations.PURPOSE AND SCOPE:Supports FMCNAs mission, vision, core values and customer service philosophy. Adheres to the FMCNA Compliance Program, including following all regulatory and FMS policy requirements.Ensure provision of quality patient care while maintaining cost-effective clinical operations in accordance with all legal, compliance, and regulatory requirements and programs. Adheres to all requirements of the FMCNA Compliance Program, and FMS patient care and administrative policies As the clinical leader, has the authority to make daily decisions to ensure continuity of care and patient and staff safety.DUTIES / ACTIVITIES:CUSTOMER SERVICE:Responsible for driving the FMS culture through values and customer service standards.Accountable for outstanding customer service to all external and internal customers.Develops and maintains effective relationships through effective and timely communication.Takes initiative and action to respond, resolve and follow up regarding customer service issues with all customers in a timely manner.PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:QUALITY:Responsible for supporting and driving FMS quality standards through meeting all ESRD regulatory requirements and the practice of Quality Assessment and Improvement (QAI), including use of FMS QAI tools.Implements FMS quality goals and develops facility specific action plans in order to achieve FMS quality standards.Accountable for outstanding quality of patient care, as defined by the FMS quality goals, by working with the appropriate In Service Director, Regional Quality Manager and Vice President of Quality, Regional Vice President, and FMS Clinical Services Department to ensure that FMS policy and procedure is followed.Responsible for implementing appropriate training according to FMS policy, including training to ensure ongoing compliance with all FMS risk management initiatives.Responsible for aggressively addressing and acting on adverse events and action thresholds.Oversees facilitys Home Therapies Program if applicable.Accountable for compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.Ensures all FMS Clinical Quality policies and procedures are communicated to and implemented by the facility staff.Maintains integrity of medical records and other FMS administrative and operational records.Complies with all data collections and auditing activities.Maintains facility environmental integrity, including safety.PATIENT CARE:Coordinates all aspects of patient care with the appropriate staff members, from admission through discharge of the patient.Ensure education of the patient regarding quality measures, transplant options, modality awareness, and access care, including catheter reduction and adherence to treatment regime.Acts as a resource for the patient to address patient concerns and questions.Accountable for timely completion of patient care assessments and care plans by organizing meetings of the facilitys Interdisciplinary Team to discuss patient care plans and to resolve patient problems.Directs initiation, maintenance and communication of efficient and timely patient schedules to ensure maximization of the facility station efficiency.Is aware of and develops a mechanism or process for knowing the specific situation of each patient, including hospitalizations, no-shows, catheter use, and any significant change in patient care status.Develops action plans for unexcused and missed treatments in collaboration with the Medical Director.When required by the Area Manager, acts as the initial RN Case Manager for disease management patients. Plans, coordinates and acts as the liaison for patient care as per the disease management agreement, including initial and ongoing validation of member eligibility. Works with payor case managers to facilitate timely workup of patients for access management, dialysis services, patient education, hospitalizations, and kidney transplantation as appropriate, and ensures coordination of care with the multidisciplinary renal team. Communicates changes in patient status regarding clinical, insurance, travel and transportation issues to the disease management company. Maintains current knowledge of disease management software and systems as pertinent.STAFF:Responsible for implementation of FMS staffing, and medical supply models, to provide quality patient care, and makes recommendations to Area Manager.Participates in the recruitment and interview process, and decision to hire new personnel.Ensures completion of new hiring orientation and training including mandatory in-services and ICD-9 code training when applicable. Ensures documentation completed for annual in service training, and policy and procedure in service updates.Responsible for all patient care employees receiving appropriate training according to FMS policy, including training to ensure ongoing compliance with all FMS risk management initiatives.Provides opportunities for professional growth, and training to ensure clinical competence and the ability for licensed staff to assume Team Leader responsibilitiesResponsible for overseeing performance of all licensed personnel, direct patient care staff, reporting indirect patient care personnel as assigned, and when necessary, technical staff. Provides employee education and guidance, and feedback related to performance.Maintains current knowledge regarding FMCNA benefits, Human Resources policies, procedures, and processes, and acts as a resource to facility staff.Provides counseling for all clinical staff members at regular intervals offering support and encouraging professional growth.Completes timely employee evaluations and establishes annual goals for staff.Provides written documentation of all disciplinary conferences in accordance with the established personnel policies, and confers with the Area Manager and Human Resources regarding the nature of the disciplinary decisions.Participates in Corporate and Business Unit specific employee recognition and satisfaction programs.Ensures a strong communication and educational process with facility staff, Area Manager, Business Unit, Regional and Corporate office personnel, including communication of FMS area, regional and corporate initiatives and policies and procedures to staff.Creates, maintains, and communicates efficient and timely employee schedules according to the needs of the facility.Creates and implements a Continuous Quality Improvement (CQI) Process Improvement Team that involves staff in problem solving.PHYSICIANS:Facilitates the application process for physician privileges and compliance with FMS Medical Staff By-Laws.Responsible for strong Medical Director and physician relationships and facilitating staff relationships with physicians.Ensures regular and effective communication with all physicians, through regular meetings with Medical Directors.Participates in Governing Body.Schedules and coordinates CQI meetings with physicians.MAINTENANCE/TECHNICAL:Responsible for the integrity and safety of the facility water system.Must be knowledgeable in the operation of all facility equipment and technology.ADMINISTRATIVE:Responsible for maintaining and updating all FMS manuals.Accountable for completion of the Annual Standing Order Review and ICD-9 coding.Checks correspondence whether electronic, paper or voice mail, and responds as appropriate.Directs information gathering as required supporting billing and collection activities.Responsible for efficient utilization of medication, laboratory, inventory, supplies and equipment to achieve supply cost goals following all guidelines established in FMS formulariesParticipates in the completion and interpretation of the Pl-17 inventory supply use analysis.Reviews and approves facility payroll.Reviews profit and loss statements with Area ManagerResponsible for participating in all required Network reporting and on-site state or federal surveys.Participates in the completion of the FMS Administrative Clinical Review.OTHER:Other duties as assigned.PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS:The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Employees are required to take the Ishihara's Color Blindness test as a condition of employment. Note that: Failing the Ishihara Test for Color Blindness does not preclude employment. The Company will consider whether reasonable accommodations can be made.Day to day work includes desk and personal computer work and interaction with patients, facility staff and physicians. The position may require travel between assigned facilities and various locations within the community. Travel to regional, Business Unit and Corporate meetings may be required.The work environment is characteristic of a health care facility with air temperature control and moderate noise levels. May be exposed to infectious and contagious diseases/materials.EDUCATION:Graduate of an accredited School of Nursing (RN).Current appropriate state licensure.Advanced education preferred.EXPERIENCE AND REQUIRED SKILLS:Minimum of 12 months experience in clinical nursing is required. Experience in med/surg or ICU/CCU is preferred.Minimum of 6 months chronic or acute dialysis nursing experience is required.Must be available as a full-time employee and provide on-call coverage when necessary.Demonstrated leadership competencies and skills for the position, including excellent communication, customer service, continuous quality improvement, relationship development, results orientation, team building, motivating employees, performance management, and decision making.Demonstrated management skills necessary to provide leadership in the supervision of dialysis personnel and to ensure the delivery of maximum quality care to all patients.Must complete Clinical Manager training modules and ongoing developmental programs within the specified time line.EO/AA Employer: Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity"
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... This role is a blend of marketing, consulting, and predictive analytics. The Manager is an integral part of the marketing effectiveness team tasked with developing insights that enable Verizon to improve how marketing investments impact business results. You will work closely with marketing functions including Media Strategy, Creative, and Consumer Insights along with business teams, financial planning & analysis, and external partners to proactively manage efforts from end-to-end. The end goal is to ensure strategic and tactical marketing decisions are informed by data-driven insights. Manage day-to-day marketing effectiveness activities such as data delivery, analytics maintenance, interpretation of findings, delivery of insights, and coordination with stakeholders.Provide ongoing evaluation of marketing efforts through analysis of integrated findings across Marketing Mix models, Experimental Design, and Business Intelligence reports to derive insights and recommendations around investment reallocations to maximize business performance.Work with stakeholders to determine business needs and objectives, and then the Marketing Effectiveness team to design and complete analytical processes/solutions, in order to derive insights that can address stakeholders\xe2\x80\x99 stated objectives.Develop both standardized and innovative mechanisms to encourage adoption of analytics among stakeholder groups across the marketing spectrum, from planning to execution.Actively consult stakeholders to validate, and update as needed, a defined marketing effectiveness roadmap that outlines short-term and long-term business priorities.Partner with the transformational organization on marketing and cross-functional efforts.Support the Director on Executive engagement materials and critical business needs.What we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... You will need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Experience in marketing, consumer insights, strategy, or analytics.Knowledge of marketing principles and marketing strategies.Experience using Excel and PowerPoint. Even better if you have: A degree in Business, Marketing or Economics.Experience reviewing market research, quantitative data, and marketing mix modeling output to identify trends, interpret findings, draft insights, and formulate recommendations.Experience working effectively across organization boundaries.Exceptional cross-functional experience within project management or change management teams.Creative thinker who can quickly adjust between strategy and execution as well as adapt to dynamic needs that may arise.Ability to successfully interpret complex analytical techniques and insights as well as articulate implications of recommended decisions on business outcomes.When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b"Calling Anyone Looking for Extra Income! L&R has a part-time job available in your area. Flexible schedule available- with paid training included. Interested? Then Apply Below! We\xe2\x80\x99re seeking someone to join our Sales Merchandiser Team in Freehold, NJArea. You\xe2\x80\x99ll be assigned a store to visit and service regularly using your own vehicle for transportation. Why Work for Us?Flexible Schedules May Be availablePart Time Position - Competitive starting pay rateGreat Source of Extra IncomeNo experience? No problem - Paid Training IncludedWhat will you be doing? As a merchandiser, you\xe2\x80\x99ll need to visit the store and:Arrange merchandise displays to attract customers.Stock shelves, racks, cases, and tables with merchandise.Clean display cases, shelves, and aisles.Take inventory or examine merchandise to identify items to be reordered or replenished.Double check invoices to the items received to ensure that shipments are correct.What do you need?Valid driver's licenseYour own personal vehicle since you\xe2\x80\x99ll be driving to and from storeProof of Car InsuranceComputer or smartphone with internet connectionWhat skills should you have?Basic computer knowledge like using e-mail, Microsoft Word, and spreadsheetsWillingness to learn new technology \xe2\x80\x93 you\xe2\x80\x99ll be using a hand-held Cipher unit to log hours, mileage, and reorder merchandise for the stores (don\xe2\x80\x99t worry we\xe2\x80\x99ll train you!)Be able to perform moderate physical activity! You\xe2\x80\x99ll be active with unpacking, transporting, and re-stocking the store shelves with merchandise. You\xe2\x80\x99ll also be regularly lifting cosmetic items that can weigh up to 10-20 pounds.If interested, click Apply.Would you like to know more about us?Visit our Website www.lrdist.com Visit our New Careers Site https://landrdistributors.bamboohr.com/jobs/ Be our friend on Facebook www.facebook.com/lrdist Follow us on Twitter www.twitter.com/lrdist Visit us on Glassdoor https://www.glassdoor.com/Overview/Working-at-L-and-R-Distributors-EI_IE797586.11,31.htm"
b' Earn money shopping and delivering groceries, giving customers more time to do what they love. * Be Independent Schedule work around your own life. * Have Fun Spend time shopping, exploring new things and being active. * Earn extra income Get paid weekly. Work Sundays to maximize your hours and pay. SHOP AND DELIVER (CAR REQUIRED) WHY SHOP WITH INSTACART? Use the Instacart shopper app to provide grocery shopping and delivery services. * Multiple ways to earn money and achieve your earning goals * Flexible hours - set your own availability * Less wear & tear on your car - no passengers in your vehicle * Money is deposited into your bank account every week * Shoppers that have the highest earnings know their way around a grocery store and enjoy providing fantastic customer service. WHAT YOU NEED TO GET STARTED: * 18+ years old * Eligible to work in the US * Consistent access to a vehicle, and 2+ years of driving experience * Consistent access to a recent smartphone (iPhone 4S or above or Android 4.0+) * Ability to lift 30-40 lbs. with or without assistance MORE INFORMATION If you have previous experience in the grocery industry (such as a personal shopper, cashier, stocker, customer service representative, store manager, merchandiser, produce buyer, butcher, baker, deli clerk, barista, kitchen manager, chef) or have previous experience in the transportation industry (such as a courier, driver, truck driver, professional driver, taxi driver, food delivery driver), you might want to consider shopping with Instacart and earn great money. We also welcome applicants from other industries and backgrounds, such as ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Uber Eats, or Postmates. Shopping with Instacart is great for anyone looking for flexible, seasonal, work from home, entry level, weekend, weekday, after school, temporary, or any type of part time opportunities. Instacart is committed to diversity in its workforce. Instacart is an equal employment opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants without regard to gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, race, veteran or disability status. For all individuals applying to work in SF, we will consider qualified applicants in a manner consistent with the requirements of the SF Fair Chance Ordinance. Apply in under 5 minutes! Attend an in-person session and start work within one week!'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... This role is a blend of marketing, consulting, and predictive analytics. The Manager is an integral part of the marketing effectiveness team tasked with developing insights that enable Verizon to improve how marketing investments impact business results. You will work closely with marketing functions including Media Strategy, Creative, and Consumer Insights along with business teams, financial planning & analysis, and external partners to proactively manage efforts from end-to-end. The end goal is to ensure strategic and tactical marketing decisions are informed by data-driven insights. Manage day-to-day marketing effectiveness activities such as data delivery, analytics maintenance, interpretation of findings, delivery of insights, and coordination with stakeholdersProvide ongoing evaluation of marketing efforts through analysis of integrated findings across Marketing Mix models, Experimental Design, and Business Intelligence reports to derive insights and recommendations around investment reallocations to maximize business performanceWork with stakeholders to determine business needs and objectives, and then the Marketing Effectiveness team to design and complete analytical processes/solutions, in order to derive insights that can address stakeholders\xe2\x80\x99 stated objectivesDevelop both standardized and innovative mechanisms to encourage adoption of analytics among stakeholder groups across the marketing spectrum, from planning to executionActively consult stakeholders to validate, and update as needed, a defined marketing effectiveness roadmap that outlines short-term and long-term business prioritiesPartner with the transformational organization on marketing and cross-functional effortsSupport the Director on Executive engagement materials and critical business needsWhat we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... You will need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experienceExperience in marketing, consumer insights, strategy, or analytics.Experience reviewing market research, quantitative data, and marketing mix modeling output.Knowledge of marketing principles.Experience using Excel and PowerPoint. Even better if you have: A degree in Business, Marketing or Economics.Experience reviewing market research, quantitative data, and marketing mix modeling output to identify trends, interpret findings, draft insights, and formulate recommendations.Understanding of marketing strategy and mix to inform potential recommended actions.Creative thinking and the ability to adjust between strategy and execution as well as adapt to dynamic needs that may arise.Experience interpreting complex analytical techniques and insights as well as articulate implications of recommended decisions on business outcomes.Experience working effectively across organization boundaries.Exceptional cross-functional experience within project management or change management teams.Consultative experience supporting either internal or external client groups.Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills to successfully build long-term relationships with internal and external partners.Experience making trade-offs to deliver effective solutions to business partners in a timely fashion.Focus on delivering accurate and timely results by overcoming obstacles through the development of mechanisms and tools to improve efficiencies.When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b' Overview Tired of Being a Residential Property Manager and Want to Use Your Skills Doing Something Even More Rewarding? How Well Do You Know OneSite RealPage?Have you set up any new communities in RealPage?Have you set up any new communities with RealPage\xe2\x80\x99 s Online Leasing product?Have you set up and/or edited any forms used for Online Leasing and E-signature in RealPage?Have you updated units in RealPage, changed market rents or updated required security deposits to update availability reports etc.? Edgewood Properties, a regional leader in commercial and residential real estate development and property management based in Piscataway (NJ), currently seeks a RealPage Administrator and Trainer. This position will be responsible for providing overall administration, troubleshooting and training and technical support for our property management software at the corporate and property level.ResponsibilitiesPRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Manage the administration of roles and responsibilities and user access to RealPage platformProvide support in the areas of RealPage OneSite Training for Corporate and Site employees and New Hire Onboarding Confirm that all new hires take the online RealPage trainingQuarterly Training refresher for each siteDocument software system, user methods, and procedures for training and/or training resources.Provide technical support to ensure accurate processing for site operationsSoftware support, maintenance and module implementations including: Converting new communitiesSetting up Document Management and Online LeasingAdding buildingsPricing changesUpdating Legal docs online as neededUpdating PO/Invoice Approval workflowLiaison between RealPage and Edgewood Properties for technical support, new product orders etc.Process RealPage Invoices for paymentProvide an ongoing assessment and development of RealPage to identify opportunities for process improvement and implement themProvide any reporting as required by Senior Managers and Management QualificationsQUALIFICATIONS INCLUDE: Advanced knowledge of RealPage OneSite softwareA minimum of five (5) year\xe2\x80\x99s property management experienceAdvanced technical/computer skills including MS Office as well as the ability to quickly learn software programsPractical understanding of accounting processes, including accounts payable and receivable, is preferredStrong organizational & time-management skills with the ability to handle multiple tasksA results oriented individual who thrives working in a fast paced environmentExcellent English written and verbal communication skillsAbility to travel throughout NJ as neededAbility to work outside normal business hours depending upon workload and travel requirements Our company is growing, and this position has significant growth potential for an aggressive self-starter.In return for your service, we offer our regular FT employees competitive compensation, along with comprehensive benefits, including medical and dental and vision benefits, life insurance, a 401(k) and a corporate team environment. For immediate consideration, please apply online or email your resume with salary requirements directly to our Human Resources Dept.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" Penn Medicine Princeton Health is a leading provider of healthcare services. As a respected nonprofit, community teaching health system, we offer compassionate care supported by advanced technologies and an outstanding medical staff. Over 97% of our physicians have achieved board certification, the hallmark of professional excellence. Through our academic and clinical affiliations with institutions including The Childrens Hospital of Philadelphia, we are setting new standards in diagnostic and treatment protocols and achieving successful clinical outcomes for our patients. Princeton Health is Redefining Care through our commitment to delivering an exceptional level of clinical care and individualized caring for each and every patient. Princeton Health is now part of the Penn Medicine Health System which strives to achieve its three part mission; patient care, education and research. Working for this leading academic health system means collaboration with top clinical, technical and business professionals across all disciplines. Today at Penn Medicine, someone will make a breakthrough. Someone will heal a heart, deliver hopeful news, and give comfort and reassurance. Our employees shape our future each day. Are you living your life's work?  The nurses of Princeton Health are dedicated to promoting the health and well being of our patients. Princeton Health patients receive exceptional nursing care in an environment that is empowering, educational, and nurturing. We act as guides to our patients and their families as they move throughout our healthcare system. As nurses we are part of an organization which promotes shared governance, and is focused on recognizing and rewarding clinical excellence in nursing.  Princeton Health is currently searching for a Full Time, Nights,Assistant Nurse Manager for the Princeton Medical Center, Telemetry Unit. Position Summary: A professional Registered Nurse who is responsible for the direct supervision of nursing staff which is accomplished by: maintaining open lines of communication with staff and management; providing resource information as requested and overseeing the delivery of safe and clinically competent nursing care that is evidenced based. Qualifications:All Princeton Health employees are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption.Required: - Associate's degree in nursing  - Registered Nurse (RN) License in the State of New Jersey  - Basic Life Support certification (BLS) for Healthcare Providers from the American Heart Association (AHA)  - Advanced Cardiovascular Life Support certification (ACLS) for Healthcare Providers from the American Heart Association (AHA)  - At least one (1) year of experience working as an RN  - Computer Literacy  - Great Interpersonal and Communication Skills  - Physical Strength, Agility and Stamina Preferred: - Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN)  - Critical Care experience preferred  - Specialty certification  Join Princeton Health family and be a part of Redefining Care in our community!  Princeton Health is a qualified employer under the rules of the Government Public Service Loan Forgiveness program & an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE M/F/D/V"
b' Overview You Will Be Well "Received" Here, if You Can "Receive" for Our Accounting Department Since its founding in 1992, Edgewood Properties has established itself as a leading real estate development and property management company. With corporate headquarters in New Jersey, the company is on a course of growth leading to activities across the nation.  The company is currently seeking an experienced Property Management Accounts Receivable professional in its growing accounting department.  This position is accountable to ensure accounting records are accurate and collections are maximized on full portfolio of properties.ResponsibilitiesFollow established procedures for processing checks, cash, & credit card paymentsAnalyze resident ledgers for accuracy and suggest and make adjustments as neededNon-Sufficient Fund posting and communicating with property sitesResearch and resolve payment discrepancies/customer queries as neededReview accounts receivable reports for delinquencies & and prepaymentsAssist with collection effortsPost Rents and late fees each month for all properties in portfolioWork with site managers to ensure late fee notices and 72 hour notices for eviction are posted on time and follow-up with managers on eviction proceedingsTrack and enforce payment plans and consentsCommunicate with customers via phone, email, mail or personallyAssist with month-end closingCollect data and prepare/review weekly & monthly reportsEnsure that accounting records are current including data transfer between software programs and making journal entriesComplete bank statement reconciliations and escrow account managementOther duties as assigned QualificationsEducation / Experience Requirements: High school diploma required BA/BS PreferredKnowledge of accounts receivable. accounts payable, bookkeeping & general accountingKnowledge of office administration and proceduresProficient in relevant computer software WindowsMicrosoft Office (especially Word, Excel, Outlook)OneSite RealPage preferred2-3 years accounts receivable and general accounting experience Property management/Real estate experience preferred. Key Competencies Detail oriented and ability to complete tasks accurately with a sense of urgencyProficient communication and interpersonal skills, including written, verbal and listening skills.Proficient analytical skills, ability to investigate and problem solveProficient computer skills in accounting software, excel, word and email. Able to learn and use a variety of proprietary applications and technologyTeam Player with a positive attitude and commitment In return, we offer competitive compensation, along with comprehensive benefits, including medical and dental and vision benefits, life insurance, a 401(k) and a corporate team environment. For immediate consideration, please apply online or email your resume with salary requirements directly to our Human Resources Dept.  The successful candidate will under a backround check ad drug screen. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.'

b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. BAKERY - CLERK Bakery Clerks are responsible for packaging, displaying, rotating and replenishing fresh baked goods and preparing items to bake in accordance with the production scheduler. Additional responsibilities include but not limited to: Cake decoratingAssisting members with courteous and friendly customer serviceCleaning and complying with sanitation and safety standardsRequirements: Strong interpersonal skills required Minimum Age Requirements:  Must be at least 18 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b' SAP Manufacturing Consultant-SAP S/4 HANAJob DescriptionThis role expects from the candidate to demonstrate the greater understanding of S/4HANA as well as SAP IS Automotive & iPPE value chain and provide the innovative solutions to the real business issues.  The role requires the candidate to participate in requirement analysis, scoping, documentation and solution design workshops with clients and provides an opportunity to demonstrate the thought leadership with good knowledge of industry trends, leading practices and on the basis of original research to customers. As part of the team, participant will be involved in developing proof of concepts in global environment.Responsibilities:Part of a project implementation Team as SAP IS Auto & IPPE Consultant in S/4HANA environment.Candidate should have following skills: S/4HANA with Good understanding of SAP PP, PP/DS and iPPE Costing and finance.Hands on experience in Variant configuration, BOM Management and SAP iPPE.Good experience in SAP PP/iPPE and integration with other SAP Modules including APO DP, gATP, SNP.A solid background of manufacturing environment especially in automotive industry.Hands on experience in mapping the production strategies in SAP such as MTO, MTS, ETO etcAbility to understand and design reporting, performance evaluation and forecast analysisGood understanding of security compliance (data access, ownership tracking)At least 13 years in SAP Manufacturing with S/4HANA knowledge Visa Requirements: US green Card/ US Citizen'
b'Power Home Remodeling is a company founded on equal parts hard work and positivity. We believe that \xe2\x80\x9cdream\xe2\x80\x9d and \xe2\x80\x9cachieve\xe2\x80\x9d are not mutually exclusive. That philosophy has served us well in becoming FORTUNE Magazine\xe2\x80\x99s #1 Workplace for Millennials and one of Glassdoor\xe2\x80\x99s Best Places to Work.90% of our executives begin their careers in entry-level positions because we recruit, train, and retain talented individuals with a drive to succeed. Power is more than a home remodeling company. Power is a dream realization, technology-innovation, community-advocacy, expectation-shattering, happiness-maximizing company dedicated to improvement, both for our customers, and ourselves.Sales Representative  A full-time W-2 outside sales position, your role will be to develop relationships with pre-qualified prospective and existing customers. You are not responsible to generate your own leads. Prior to your first interaction with prospective customers, 75% of the legwork has been done for you. We have a very rigorous pre-qualification process that ensures we are putting our sales reps in the best possible position to succeed. Your only focus has to be on your career. We only ask you to learn our primary product lines, stay true to your training and deliver a proven sales presentation to consumers that truly need what you offer. Primary job responsibilities include:  \xe2\x80\xa2 Delivery of interactive sales presentations on eco-friendly, green products and services to decision makers  \xe2\x80\xa2 Participation in ongoing sales training and coaching camps on a weekly basis  \xe2\x80\xa2 Team building and mentorship  \xe2\x80\xa2 Strategic presentation developmentQualifications: \xe2\x80\xa2 Highly developed interpersonal, organizational and communication skills  \xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to speak publicly with confidence and poise  \xe2\x80\xa2 Strong sense of ambition, self-motivation and self-discipline  \xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to work both independently and in a team setting  \xe2\x80\xa2 Naturally outgoing and articulate individual who thrives in social settings  \xe2\x80\xa2 Previous sales experience preferred  \xe2\x80\xa2 BA/BS preferred Salary and Benefits:  \xe2\x80\xa2 $75,000-90,000 average first-year compensation  \xe2\x80\xa2 State-of-the-art training and technology  \xe2\x80\xa2 Monthly opportunities for performance-based rewards, such as luxury vacations, high-end electronics, gift cards and tickets to concerts and sporting events  \xe2\x80\xa2 Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans that can be tailored to your specific needs and the needs of your family  \xe2\x80\xa2 Ample paid vacation and holidays  \xe2\x80\xa2 A competitive 401(k) retirement savings program, matched by Power  \xe2\x80\xa2 Access to the latest technology, such as laptops, smart phones and tablets that will help you reach your earnings goals faster and more efficiently  \xe2\x80\xa2 A dynamic social program filled with can\xe2\x80\x99t miss events, parties, and activities, including an annual bonus in the form of a company trip to a tropical destination for you and a significant other  \xe2\x80\xa2 Opportunity at unprecedented professional and personal growth'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b'The Manager of Sustainability and Community Relations is responsible for leading sustainability-focused, community and associate-action and volunteer programs that support the cooperative\xe2\x80\x99s goals, including its focus on fighting hunger and achieving its waste, water and energy reduction goals. The individual will lead Wakefern\xe2\x80\x99s cause marketing program, including managing vendor relations, overseeing event planning, and engaging associates in programs and events. This person will develop Wakefern\xe2\x80\x99s sustainability strategy, identifying key trends and initiatives that will reduce its environmental impact and enhance its reputation as a sustainable organization through its sustainable sourcing practices and animal welfare policies. This leader will also be responsible for attending community events and representing Wakefern at public forums, awards presentation, fundraising galas and dinners.Qualifications:Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s Degree in Public Administration, Communications, Business, Marketing, Sustainability or related degrees.15+ years of experience in community affairs, project management, program development, sustainability, business and/or corporate communications including several years in a management/supervisory capacity.Strong track record of building and executing programs.Exceptional public speaking and presentation skills.Excellent written skills and project management skills required.Strong coaching and leadership skills.Ability to establish and build relationships. Exceptional interpersonal skills to build consensus among a diverse group of constituents.Must be able to work closely with executives and senior leadership.Flexibility to work evenings and weekends as community events require.Demonstrated successful track record in developing and deploying measurable CSR best practices.Ability to analyze data to plan and strategize future initiatives and create regular CSR reports for public and internal use.Must be able to represent Wakefern with all internal and external constituents, including community members and key not-for-profit organizations.Excellent business and marketing acumen.Expert in Microsoft Office suite. Social media skills a plus.'
b' The Keyholder is responsible for assisting the store manager to run the retail store operations by ensuring the store consistently executes all operational functions to company standards and reinforces customer service, maintaining and representing the company\xe2\x80\x99s core values of service, quality and integrity to create total customer satisfaction.  The responsibilities of the Keyholder include but are not limited to the following: Demonstrates a strong leadership abilityParticipates in store selling efforts to ensure personal goals as well as store sales and productivity goals are metEnsure all operational responsibilities are carried out in the absence of the store managerAssists with training delegation and supervision of staff to develop and maintain individual selling, customer service and product knowledge skills.Ensure housekeeping and safety standards are upheld through out the entire store.Partner with Store Manager, RM, DM and/or Loss Prevention to address concerns related to unsatisfactory performance and policy violations in a timely matter.In the (long term absence) of a manager the keyholder may have some of the responsibilities of a store manager. A District Manager will then oversee the keyholder.Previous retail experience preferably in a similar rollCollege Degree preferredExcellent verbal and written communication skillsReliable and promptDemonstrated time management and organizational skillsComputer literate (word, excel and lotus notes)Able to work flexible hoursAbility to stand for long periods of timeAbility to lift and carry 25lbs.'
b'Position description:As an Advertising Account Manager, you will be responsible for selling marketing, advertising and digital media solutions to car dealerships\xe2\x80\x99 sales and service centers within a defined territory. You will participate in sales activities that drive revenue including lead generation, gathering competitive intelligence, product demonstrations, discovery of accounts and proposals to customers. You will participate in team sales presentations, as well as plan and implement sales strategies and programs within your region.  All Advertising Account Managers are eligible to receive a company car for both business and personal use. In addition, you will be provided an iPad, company cell phone, laptop and home office equipment. If you have a desire to excel and succeed in sales within a reputable company this is the job for you! Share this job  Training: Our training consists of time with your mentor in the field, online courses completed in your home office, and classroom instruction. You will complete seven different courses throughout your 6 months of training. Topics covered will include training on sales techniques, negotiations, dealership operations, and in-depth product training. Prior to and following each course, you will complete various assignments to prepare you and ensure understanding of what was learned. You will be given progress checkpoint tests throughout your training that will identify areas for improvement and to ensure you are on the right track.  While training in the field, you will shadow field representatives including experienced sales representatives, consultants, and field technicians. This will allow you to learn the overall sales process and will give you the opportunity to observe dealership operations. The culmination of your training will conclude with a ten-day Sales Techniques Workshop that ends with a final presentation requiring completion of a mock sales presentation utilizing a real world account. This will be your final opportunity to showcase all the skills that you have gained throughout the training program.Requirements: 1+ years sales, advertising, or marketing experience preferredAbility to execute all aspects of the sales processBachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or equivalent experienceExcellent oral and written communication skills'

b" C.R. England is now offering $0 out-of-pocket CDL-A training at our premier truck driving school! We're training and hiring new truck drivers ASAP! At C.R. England, You Choose Your Lane, You Choose Your Position, and You Get ALL the Benefits! Apply Now."
b' Provides a high level of support services for the professional nursing staff and the routine functions of patient care under the direction of the professional nurse.# Requires a high school diploma or equivalent. Two years of college and six months experience or Bachelors degree in lieu of experience preferred. College study focus in psychology, sociology, nursing or related field or equivalent education. All positions include an every other weekend work requirement.# 6:45-15:15 Every Saturday'
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... You\xe2\x80\x99ll uncover and create actionable insights to drive our strategies, business decisions and overall competitive advantage. The work you do will inspire us to bring the best solutions to both the business and consumer market\xe2\x80\x94because of our enhanced understanding of their needs. You\xe2\x80\x99ll design studies, gather primary and secondary research, manage our vendor partners, and ensure that we get the best market insights to drive our decision making. By helping us understand and anticipate customer needs, you\xe2\x80\x99ll be shaping what\xe2\x80\x99s next for us. Partnering with leaders to understand key business issues.Designing and shaping research designs to yield actionable insights.Managing research agency partners and research projects from scoping to delivery.Synthesizing information from various sources into meaningful insights.Presenting actionable recommendations to leaders.What we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... Digging into lots of data fascinates you and you know its real value is in the insights it provides. You have a consulting approach to really understand research needs and design the right research solution. People trust and value your opinion. You\xe2\x80\x99re able to translate data into narratives, and tailor your presentation and recommendations to the audience function and level to meet their needs. But you\xe2\x80\x99re not just about the numbers\xe2\x80\x94you have a business mindset that makes your recommendations sound and practical.  You\xe2\x80\x99ll need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Consumer market research experience. Even better if you have: A degree.Designed small and large scale research projects involving primary and secondary data collection. Ideally, consumer and business research.Analyzed data from multiple sources, provided insights and recommendations tailored to different functions and levels.Managed agency vendor relationships including scoping, budgeting, quality and timeliness.Experience with marketing communications and mobile, digital, and social media platforms.When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Bound Brook  600 W Union Ave  Bound Brook, NJ 08805 '
b"Lead, inspire, motivate and develop a team of strong, versatile performers. Brighten prospects for patients as well as your career. Help others, and enhance your potential for success with a premier healthcare organization.Connect with your goals and change liveswith Fresenius Medical Care North America. Use your passion for excellence to drive positive changeone patient at a time. Empower and encourage your team to learn and develop new skills. Established as the global leader in dialysis healthcare, we form powerful bonds among patients, their families, and our team members. Through this unique approach, we have built an atmosphere of clinical excellence and professional achievement. Offering vast training and development opportunities, we advance careers and the health of countless individuals.Why Join the Fresenius Team?Passion. Dedication. Knowledge. Motivation. Experience. These are the impressive qualities youll find in the Fresenius Leadership Team. Our strength in the North American market and extensive global network provide our employees with the best of both worldsthe friendliness of a local organization and the stability of a worldwide organizationfor diverse experiences and challenging career opportunities. When you join the Fresenius Medical Care team, youll be welcomed into a company that is built on the philosophy that our employees are our most important asset. Our career advantages include the following:Fresenius Medical Care is the nations largest provider of renal care, meeting the needs of more than 135,000 patients at 1,800 clinics throughout the country.Our well-established, trusted organization fosters a spirit of camaraderie, emphasizing friendly collaboration, professional support, and career development.Superior training, UltraCare\xc2\xae quality control, and certification procedures ensure your potential to succeed and advance as a professional.Competitive compensation and exceptional benefits.Outstanding tuition reimbursement program.Recognized among Fortunes Worlds Most Admired Companies in 2011.National Safety Award from CNA insurance companies for 11 consecutive years.Opportunities to give back by participating in philanthropy and community outreach programs.Clinical ManagerThis is a unique opportunity to build a career with a premier healthcare provider. As a clinical supervisor of our hemodialysis team, the natural leader we select will provide direction, inspiration, and counseling to staff members, and coordinate all aspects of care, from admission to discharge. In addition, this individual will hire, train, lead a team, and ensure quality control and compliance with laws and regulations.PURPOSE AND SCOPE:Supports FMCNAs mission, vision, core values and customer service philosophy. Adheres to the FMCNA Compliance Program, including following all regulatory and FMS policy requirements.Ensure provision of quality patient care while maintaining cost-effective clinical operations in accordance with all legal, compliance, and regulatory requirements and programs. Adheres to all requirements of the FMCNA Compliance Program, and FMS patient care and administrative policies As the clinical leader, has the authority to make daily decisions to ensure continuity of care and patient and staff safety.DUTIES / ACTIVITIES:CUSTOMER SERVICE:Responsible for driving the FMS culture through values and customer service standards.Accountable for outstanding customer service to all external and internal customers.Develops and maintains effective relationships through effective and timely communication.Takes initiative and action to respond, resolve and follow up regarding customer service issues with all customers in a timely manner.PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:QUALITY:Responsible for supporting and driving FMS quality standards through meeting all ESRD regulatory requirements and the practice of Quality Assessment and Improvement (QAI), including use of FMS QAI tools.Implements FMS quality goals and develops facility specific action plans in order to achieve FMS quality standards.Accountable for outstanding quality of patient care, as defined by the FMS quality goals, by working with the appropriate In Service Director, Regional Quality Manager and Vice President of Quality, Regional Vice President, and FMS Clinical Services Department to ensure that FMS policy and procedure is followed.Responsible for implementing appropriate training according to FMS policy, including training to ensure ongoing compliance with all FMS risk management initiatives.Responsible for aggressively addressing and acting on adverse events and action thresholds.Oversees facilitys Home Therapies Program if applicable.Accountable for compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.Ensures all FMS Clinical Quality policies and procedures are communicated to and implemented by the facility staff.Maintains integrity of medical records and other FMS administrative and operational records.Complies with all data collections and auditing activities.Maintains facility environmental integrity, including safety.PATIENT CARE:Coordinates all aspects of patient care with the appropriate staff members, from admission through discharge of the patient.Ensure education of the patient regarding quality measures, transplant options, modality awareness, and access care, including catheter reduction and adherence to treatment regime.Acts as a resource for the patient to address patient concerns and questions.Accountable for timely completion of patient care assessments and care plans by organizing meetings of the facilitys Interdisciplinary Team to discuss patient care plans and to resolve patient problems.Directs initiation, maintenance and communication of efficient and timely patient schedules to ensure maximization of the facility station efficiency.Is aware of and develops a mechanism or process for knowing the specific situation of each patient, including hospitalizations, no-shows, catheter use, and any significant change in patient care status.Develops action plans for unexcused and missed treatments in collaboration with the Medical Director.When required by the Area Manager, acts as the initial RN Case Manager for disease management patients. Plans, coordinates and acts as the liaison for patient care as per the disease management agreement, including initial and ongoing validation of member eligibility. Works with payor case managers to facilitate timely workup of patients for access management, dialysis services, patient education, hospitalizations, and kidney transplantation as appropriate, and ensures coordination of care with the multidisciplinary renal team. Communicates changes in patient status regarding clinical, insurance, travel and transportation issues to the disease management company. Maintains current knowledge of disease management software and systems as pertinent.STAFF:Responsible for implementation of FMS staffing, and medical supply models, to provide quality patient care, and makes recommendations to Area Manager.Participates in the recruitment and interview process, and decision to hire new personnel.Ensures completion of new hiring orientation and training including mandatory in-services and ICD-9 code training when applicable. Ensures documentation completed for annual in service training, and policy and procedure in service updates.Responsible for all patient care employees receiving appropriate training according to FMS policy, including training to ensure ongoing compliance with all FMS risk management initiatives.Provides opportunities for professional growth, and training to ensure clinical competence and the ability for licensed staff to assume Team Leader responsibilitiesResponsible for overseeing performance of all licensed personnel, direct patient care staff, reporting indirect patient care personnel as assigned, and when necessary, technical staff. Provides employee education and guidance, and feedback related to performance.Maintains current knowledge regarding FMCNA benefits, Human Resources policies, procedures, and processes, and acts as a resource to facility staff.Provides counseling for all clinical staff members at regular intervals offering support and encouraging professional growth.Completes timely employee evaluations and establishes annual goals for staff.Provides written documentation of all disciplinary conferences in accordance with the established personnel policies, and confers with the Area Manager and Human Resources regarding the nature of the disciplinary decisions.Participates in Corporate and Business Unit specific employee recognition and satisfaction programs.Ensures a strong communication and educational process with facility staff, Area Manager, Business Unit, Regional and Corporate office personnel, including communication of FMS area, regional and corporate initiatives and policies and procedures to staff.Creates, maintains, and communicates efficient and timely employee schedules according to the needs of the facility.Creates and implements a Continuous Quality Improvement (CQI) Process Improvement Team that involves staff in problem solving.PHYSICIANS:Facilitates the application process for physician privileges and compliance with FMS Medical Staff By-Laws.Responsible for strong Medical Director and physician relationships and facilitating staff relationships with physicians.Ensures regular and effective communication with all physicians, through regular meetings with Medical Directors.Participates in Governing Body.Schedules and coordinates CQI meetings with physicians.MAINTENANCE/TECHNICAL:Responsible for the integrity and safety of the facility water system.Must be knowledgeable in the operation of all facility equipment and technology.ADMINISTRATIVE:Responsible for maintaining and updating all FMS manuals.Accountable for completion of the Annual Standing Order Review and ICD-9 coding.Checks correspondence whether electronic, paper or voice mail, and responds as appropriate.Directs information gathering as required supporting billing and collection activities.Responsible for efficient utilization of medication, laboratory, inventory, supplies and equipment to achieve supply cost goals following all guidelines established in FMS formulariesParticipates in the completion and interpretation of the Pl-17 inventory supply use analysis.Reviews and approves facility payroll.Reviews profit and loss statements with Area ManagerResponsible for participating in all required Network reporting and on-site state or federal surveys.Participates in the completion of the FMS Administrative Clinical Review.OTHER:Other duties as assigned.PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS:The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Employees are required to take the Ishihara's Color Blindness test as a condition of employment. Note that: Failing the Ishihara Test for Color Blindness does not preclude employment. The Company will consider whether reasonable accommodations can be made.Day to day work includes desk and personal computer work and interaction with patients, facility staff and physicians. The position may require travel between assigned facilities and various locations within the community. Travel to regional, Business Unit and Corporate meetings may be required.The work environment is characteristic of a health care facility with air temperature control and moderate noise levels. May be exposed to infectious and contagious diseases/materials.EDUCATION:Graduate of an accredited School of Nursing (RN).Current appropriate state licensure.Advanced education preferred.EXPERIENCE AND REQUIRED SKILLS:Minimum of 12 months experience in clinical nursing is required. Experience in med/surg or ICU/CCU is preferred.Minimum of 6 months chronic or acute dialysis nursing experience is required.Must be available as a full-time employee and provide on-call coverage when necessary.Demonstrated leadership competencies and skills for the position, including excellent communication, customer service, continuous quality improvement, relationship development, results orientation, team building, motivating employees, performance management, and decision making.Demonstrated management skills necessary to provide leadership in the supervision of dialysis personnel and to ensure the delivery of maximum quality care to all patients.Must complete Clinical Manager training modules and ongoing developmental programs within the specified time line.EO/AA Employer: Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity"
b"Calling Anyone Looking for Extra Income! L&R has a part-time job available in your area. Flexible schedule available- with paid training included. Interested? Then Apply Below! We\xe2\x80\x99re seeking someone to join our Sales Merchandiser Team in Freehold, NJArea. You\xe2\x80\x99ll be assigned a store to visit and service regularly using your own vehicle for transportation. Why Work for Us?Flexible Schedules May Be availablePart Time Position - Competitive starting pay rateGreat Source of Extra IncomeNo experience? No problem - Paid Training IncludedWhat will you be doing? As a merchandiser, you\xe2\x80\x99ll need to visit the store and:Arrange merchandise displays to attract customers.Stock shelves, racks, cases, and tables with merchandise.Clean display cases, shelves, and aisles.Take inventory or examine merchandise to identify items to be reordered or replenished.Double check invoices to the items received to ensure that shipments are correct.What do you need?Valid driver's licenseYour own personal vehicle since you\xe2\x80\x99ll be driving to and from storeProof of Car InsuranceComputer or smartphone with internet connectionWhat skills should you have?Basic computer knowledge like using e-mail, Microsoft Word, and spreadsheetsWillingness to learn new technology \xe2\x80\x93 you\xe2\x80\x99ll be using a hand-held Cipher unit to log hours, mileage, and reorder merchandise for the stores (don\xe2\x80\x99t worry we\xe2\x80\x99ll train you!)Be able to perform moderate physical activity! You\xe2\x80\x99ll be active with unpacking, transporting, and re-stocking the store shelves with merchandise. You\xe2\x80\x99ll also be regularly lifting cosmetic items that can weigh up to 10-20 pounds.If interested, click Apply.Would you like to know more about us?Visit our Website www.lrdist.com Visit our New Careers Site https://landrdistributors.bamboohr.com/jobs/ Be our friend on Facebook www.facebook.com/lrdist Follow us on Twitter www.twitter.com/lrdist Visit us on Glassdoor https://www.glassdoor.com/Overview/Working-at-L-and-R-Distributors-EI_IE797586.11,31.htm"
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Overview You Will Be Well "Received" Here, if You Can "Receive" for Our Accounting Department Since its founding in 1992, Edgewood Properties has established itself as a leading real estate development and property management company. With corporate headquarters in New Jersey, the company is on a course of growth leading to activities across the nation.  The company is currently seeking an experienced Property Management Accounts Receivable professional in its growing accounting department.  This position is accountable to ensure accounting records are accurate and collections are maximized on full portfolio of properties.ResponsibilitiesFollow established procedures for processing checks, cash, & credit card paymentsAnalyze resident ledgers for accuracy and suggest and make adjustments as neededNon-Sufficient Fund posting and communicating with property sitesResearch and resolve payment discrepancies/customer queries as neededReview accounts receivable reports for delinquencies & and prepaymentsAssist with collection effortsPost Rents and late fees each month for all properties in portfolioWork with site managers to ensure late fee notices and 72 hour notices for eviction are posted on time and follow-up with managers on eviction proceedingsTrack and enforce payment plans and consentsCommunicate with customers via phone, email, mail or personallyAssist with month-end closingCollect data and prepare/review weekly & monthly reportsEnsure that accounting records are current including data transfer between software programs and making journal entriesComplete bank statement reconciliations and escrow account managementOther duties as assigned QualificationsEducation / Experience Requirements: High school diploma required BA/BS PreferredKnowledge of accounts receivable. accounts payable, bookkeeping & general accountingKnowledge of office administration and proceduresProficient in relevant computer software WindowsMicrosoft Office (especially Word, Excel, Outlook)OneSite RealPage preferred2-3 years accounts receivable and general accounting experience Property management/Real estate experience preferred. Key Competencies Detail oriented and ability to complete tasks accurately with a sense of urgencyProficient communication and interpersonal skills, including written, verbal and listening skills.Proficient analytical skills, ability to investigate and problem solveProficient computer skills in accounting software, excel, word and email. Able to learn and use a variety of proprietary applications and technologyTeam Player with a positive attitude and commitment In return, we offer competitive compensation, along with comprehensive benefits, including medical and dental and vision benefits, life insurance, a 401(k) and a corporate team environment. For immediate consideration, please apply online or email your resume with salary requirements directly to our Human Resources Dept.  The successful candidate will under a backround check ad drug screen. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.'
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. BAKERY - CLERK Bakery Clerks are responsible for packaging, displaying, rotating and replenishing fresh baked goods and preparing items to bake in accordance with the production scheduler. Additional responsibilities include but not limited to: Cake decoratingAssisting members with courteous and friendly customer serviceCleaning and complying with sanitation and safety standardsRequirements: Strong interpersonal skills required Minimum Age Requirements:  Must be at least 18 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b'Power Home Remodeling is a company founded on equal parts hard work and positivity. We believe that \xe2\x80\x9cdream\xe2\x80\x9d and \xe2\x80\x9cachieve\xe2\x80\x9d are not mutually exclusive. That philosophy has served us well in becoming FORTUNE Magazine\xe2\x80\x99s #1 Workplace for Millennials and one of Glassdoor\xe2\x80\x99s Best Places to Work.90% of our executives begin their careers in entry-level positions because we recruit, train, and retain talented individuals with a drive to succeed. Power is more than a home remodeling company. Power is a dream realization, technology-innovation, community-advocacy, expectation-shattering, happiness-maximizing company dedicated to improvement, both for our customers, and ourselves.Sales Representative  A full-time W-2 outside sales position, your role will be to develop relationships with pre-qualified prospective and existing customers. You are not responsible to generate your own leads. Prior to your first interaction with prospective customers, 75% of the legwork has been done for you. We have a very rigorous pre-qualification process that ensures we are putting our sales reps in the best possible position to succeed. Your only focus has to be on your career. We only ask you to learn our primary product lines, stay true to your training and deliver a proven sales presentation to consumers that truly need what you offer. Primary job responsibilities include:  \xe2\x80\xa2 Delivery of interactive sales presentations on eco-friendly, green products and services to decision makers  \xe2\x80\xa2 Participation in ongoing sales training and coaching camps on a weekly basis  \xe2\x80\xa2 Team building and mentorship  \xe2\x80\xa2 Strategic presentation developmentQualifications: \xe2\x80\xa2 Highly developed interpersonal, organizational and communication skills  \xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to speak publicly with confidence and poise  \xe2\x80\xa2 Strong sense of ambition, self-motivation and self-discipline  \xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to work both independently and in a team setting  \xe2\x80\xa2 Naturally outgoing and articulate individual who thrives in social settings  \xe2\x80\xa2 Previous sales experience preferred  \xe2\x80\xa2 BA/BS preferred Salary and Benefits:  \xe2\x80\xa2 $75,000-90,000 average first-year compensation  \xe2\x80\xa2 State-of-the-art training and technology  \xe2\x80\xa2 Monthly opportunities for performance-based rewards, such as luxury vacations, high-end electronics, gift cards and tickets to concerts and sporting events  \xe2\x80\xa2 Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans that can be tailored to your specific needs and the needs of your family  \xe2\x80\xa2 Ample paid vacation and holidays  \xe2\x80\xa2 A competitive 401(k) retirement savings program, matched by Power  \xe2\x80\xa2 Access to the latest technology, such as laptops, smart phones and tablets that will help you reach your earnings goals faster and more efficiently  \xe2\x80\xa2 A dynamic social program filled with can\xe2\x80\x99t miss events, parties, and activities, including an annual bonus in the form of a company trip to a tropical destination for you and a significant other  \xe2\x80\xa2 Opportunity at unprecedented professional and personal growth'
b'The Manager of Sustainability and Community Relations is responsible for leading sustainability-focused, community and associate-action and volunteer programs that support the cooperative\xe2\x80\x99s goals, including its focus on fighting hunger and achieving its waste, water and energy reduction goals. The individual will lead Wakefern\xe2\x80\x99s cause marketing program, including managing vendor relations, overseeing event planning, and engaging associates in programs and events. This person will develop Wakefern\xe2\x80\x99s sustainability strategy, identifying key trends and initiatives that will reduce its environmental impact and enhance its reputation as a sustainable organization through its sustainable sourcing practices and animal welfare policies. This leader will also be responsible for attending community events and representing Wakefern at public forums, awards presentation, fundraising galas and dinners.Qualifications:Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s Degree in Public Administration, Communications, Business, Marketing, Sustainability or related degrees.15+ years of experience in community affairs, project management, program development, sustainability, business and/or corporate communications including several years in a management/supervisory capacity.Strong track record of building and executing programs.Exceptional public speaking and presentation skills.Excellent written skills and project management skills required.Strong coaching and leadership skills.Ability to establish and build relationships. Exceptional interpersonal skills to build consensus among a diverse group of constituents.Must be able to work closely with executives and senior leadership.Flexibility to work evenings and weekends as community events require.Demonstrated successful track record in developing and deploying measurable CSR best practices.Ability to analyze data to plan and strategize future initiatives and create regular CSR reports for public and internal use.Must be able to represent Wakefern with all internal and external constituents, including community members and key not-for-profit organizations.Excellent business and marketing acumen.Expert in Microsoft Office suite. Social media skills a plus.'
b'Position description:As an Advertising Account Manager, you will be responsible for selling marketing, advertising and digital media solutions to car dealerships\xe2\x80\x99 sales and service centers within a defined territory. You will participate in sales activities that drive revenue including lead generation, gathering competitive intelligence, product demonstrations, discovery of accounts and proposals to customers. You will participate in team sales presentations, as well as plan and implement sales strategies and programs within your region.  All Advertising Account Managers are eligible to receive a company car for both business and personal use. In addition, you will be provided an iPad, company cell phone, laptop and home office equipment. If you have a desire to excel and succeed in sales within a reputable company this is the job for you! Share this job  Training: Our training consists of time with your mentor in the field, online courses completed in your home office, and classroom instruction. You will complete seven different courses throughout your 6 months of training. Topics covered will include training on sales techniques, negotiations, dealership operations, and in-depth product training. Prior to and following each course, you will complete various assignments to prepare you and ensure understanding of what was learned. You will be given progress checkpoint tests throughout your training that will identify areas for improvement and to ensure you are on the right track.  While training in the field, you will shadow field representatives including experienced sales representatives, consultants, and field technicians. This will allow you to learn the overall sales process and will give you the opportunity to observe dealership operations. The culmination of your training will conclude with a ten-day Sales Techniques Workshop that ends with a final presentation requiring completion of a mock sales presentation utilizing a real world account. This will be your final opportunity to showcase all the skills that you have gained throughout the training program.Requirements: 1+ years sales, advertising, or marketing experience preferredAbility to execute all aspects of the sales processBachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or equivalent experienceExcellent oral and written communication skills'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b'The Producing Branch Manager is a highly motivated professional with a desire and proven experience developing and leading a small team of financial sales professionals with a proven track record of strong individual performance. Should possess superior knowledge of all products and strategies available to meet client needs.  Primary focus of this role is to advise existing and prospective clients in the selection of products and services best suited to meet their financial goals as well as the direct supervision and professional development for a small team of Financial Consultants. Expected to have a strong results oriented work ethic to develop relationships with existing clients and build relationships with new clients. Demonstrate to clients and prospects the value of the TDA platform, resulting in asset accumulation and retention. Meet or exceed the TD Ameritrade Branch Management Sales Performance Minimums on both a quarterly and annual basis across all facets of the TD Ameritrade product and service platforms.Continuous focus on growing sales knowledge, staying current with industry and market trends, improving processes, and enhancing the client experience.Analyzes and interprets customers financial circumstances and investment objectives in light of various factors. Advises customers on advantages and disadvantages of various investment products.Demonstrates solid portfolio planning skills and comprehensive industry and investment knowledge through balanced presentations for clients needs and long-term financial strategyPositions appropriate products -- through balanced presentations -- to each clients current needs and long term financial strategy, including sell advice and portfolio planningAdapt coaching and influence strategies to effectively motivate, influence, inspire, recognize, and engage Associates.Identify, execute and follow-up on all opportunities to establish customer relationships including prospecting, lead utilization, and local market / community involvement. Responsible for driving branch client appointments and phone sale opportunities.Lead the branch team to achieve designated customer satisfaction goalsAdheres to all compliance/risk procedures, follows corporate and industry protocols, and acts in a manner which protects the interests of the customer and TD Ameritrade at all times.Has developed standard end-to-end processes to manage resources, risk quality, and deliverables.Creates and maintains short and long term staffing plans and successfully builds pipeline of candidates so as to minimize time to fill open positionsModels and exhibits self-imposed high standards, integrity and ethical behavior at all times.Proven leadership, management and motivational skillsPrior sales management experience in brokerage industry preferred. Understanding of current regulatory requirements in the financial industry.Ability to communicate investment strategies in a clear and concise manner to retail clients and business partners that enables clients to make informed investment decisionsExperience presenting solutions to clients and prospects through face-to-face/phone meetingsSuccessful experience and proven track record in growing salesProven ability to develop strong relationships with clients, prospects, business partners and direct reports3+ years licensed brokerage experience requiredProactive team player able to work in a fast-paced environmentStrong analytical, organizational and presentation skillsExceptional interpersonal and communicative skills with both individuals and groupsStrong computer skills, with proficiency in Excel, Word, Outlook, etc.Series 7 and 66 (or 63/65) required, Series 24 (or 9/10) preferred (must pass within 90 days of hire)Bachelors degree in Finance, Business, or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience required.Military education or experience may be considered in lieu of civilian requirement'

b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Plainsboro Village Center  9 Schalks Crossing Rd Ste 709  Plainsboro, NJ 08536 '
b" Colgate-Palmolive is a leading global consumer products company, tightly focused on Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition. Colgate sells its products in over 200 countries and territories around the world under such internationally recognized brand names as Colgate, Palmolive, Speed Stick, Lady Speed Stick, Softsoap, Irish Spring, Protex, Sorriso, Kolynos, elmex, Tom\xe2\x80\x99s of Maine, Sanex, Ajax, Axion, Fabuloso, Soupline and Suavitel, as well as Hill\xe2\x80\x99s Science Diet, Hill\xe2\x80\x99s Prescription Diet and Hill\xe2\x80\x99s Ideal Balance.  For more information about Colgate\xe2\x80\x99s global business, visit the Company\xe2\x80\x99s web site at http://www.colgatepalmolive.com. To learn more about Colgate Bright Smiles, Bright Futures\xc2\xae oral health education program, please visit http://www.colgatebsbf.com. To learn more about Hill's and the Hill\xe2\x80\x99s Food, Shelter & Love program please visit hillspet.com. To learn more about Tom\xe2\x80\x99s of Maine please visit http://www.tomsofmaine.com.  Location: Piscataway, New Jersey, United States  No Relocation Assistance Offered  #\xc2\xa061545  \xc2\xa0 Job Summary The role is responsible for bringing user experience and interactive design skills to a new team of learning solution designers responsible for developing functional, leadership and professional experiences that supports individual and organizational growth. The learning experience designer (LxD) knows how people learn and recommend experiences to help them learn better. This role designs and develops digital (e.g. eLearning, animation, videos, podcasts, ebooks) and classroom learning experiences that meet the learning needs of the organization.  Success in this position requires a blend of visual design skills, creativity,\xe2\x80\xafanalysis,\xe2\x80\xafand customer focus. Across a range of learning topics and delivery methods, you\xe2\x80\x99ll apply UX, design-thinking, and human centered design practices to design a learning UI that supports our content strategy and the learning needs of the organization. Principal Duties & ResponsibilitiesWork with key stakeholders to review learner needs and proposed content designs, analyze results and document course development requirementsUnderstands adult learners and designs experiences accordinglyRapidly produce multiple possible approaches for usability testingSubmit designs for review and approval by key stakeholdersWireframes actionable learning interactions and iterates designs based on efficacy and usability studiesCollaborates with peers to apply and drive best-practice learning experience designLead the ideation, concept visualization and direction for elearnings, interactive scenarios, game based learning modules, gamification, videos etc.Define characters, backgrounds and animation stylization and color palette.Applies best-practice UX and UI design skills to create proof-of-concepts, mockups, and prototypesLead elearning shell development scorm 1.2 compliant and build HTML5 E-learning templates.Develop re-usable visual and interactive components to create a consistent experience across a variety of learning topics and authors.\xe2\x80\x8bComplete updates to course content based on business input (including online review, real world test or pilot participant feedback)Conceptualize and designing learning materials: brochures, Flip-book, ebook,Develop learning program communications as needed - conceptualize and design mailers, teasersSupport existing course maintenance and modification as neededLead eLearning fixes, troubleshoots and escalates, per procedure, technical issues and works with appropriate internal information technology members or external 3rd party providers to resolveEducation/ Experience Requirements3 - 5 years of experienceBA or other advanced degree in instructional design, visual design graphic design, digital design, motion graphics, and illustration.Master\xe2\x80\x99s preferredProject Management experienceFamiliarity with current learning management systemsKnowledge of instructional design methodologies desirableKnowledgeable of Articulate Storyline, Lectora or other e-learning authoring tools, Adobe Photoshop or other image editing/creation tool, Camtasia or other video authoring toolKnowledge of processes and tools including, LCMS\xe2\x80\x99s, html5, U Perform, video etc.Experience building multi-lingual assets a plusAreas of SkillsExperience applying design strategies informed by learning and behavioral sciences, instructional design, and interaction/web/eLearning design principlesExperience in developing and implementing learning experiences / eLearning from ideation through implementation and analysisExcellent written, oral, presentation, and interpersonal skillsExperience with qualitative and quantitative primary research methodsComfortable analyzing data, systems and processes to drive future design improvements, direction and to quantify and validate design effectivenessProficiency in design tools, such as Invision and Photoshop, to rapidly create both low- and high-fidelity mockups and wireframesStrong time management skills to prioritize effectively and handle multiple, aggressive deadlines Are you interested in working for Colgate-Palmolive? You can apply to work with us using this online application.\xc2\xa0Attach all relevant documents such as a cover letter and resume or CV. Applications received by e-mail are not considered in the selection process.  Become part of our team. We look forward to your application.  Equal Opportunity Employer  Colgate is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  \xc2\xa0"
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" JOB DESCRIPTION Travel Registered Nurse RN Case ManagerCity: STATEN ISLAND, New York  Specialty: RN - CASE MANAGEMENT  Shift: 7.50 hr - AM Shift  Start Date: Immediate  OneStaff Medical has an assignment available for a Travel Registered Nurse RN Case Manager  Join the OneStaff Medical Team of Healthcare professionals as a Travel Registered Nurse RN Case Manager Job Requirements: 1) Minimum one year of current work experience within the same specialty of application..  2) Current state Healthcare Provider license or willing to obtain  3) Current certifications required to work in specialty. IE: BLS, ACLS, NRP, STABLE, AWHONN, TNCC, PALS, ENPC, & etc.  While working as a Traveling Healthcare Professional with OneStaff Medical you will enjoy top-tier benefits such as:  Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance 401K Weekly Pay through Direct Deposit  Guaranteed Hours  Licensure Reimbursement  24/7 Personal Contact  We understand that you need someone to trust during your career search. We work closely with our healthcare professionals to provide a simple and easy application process that leads to career-expanding and exciting assignments.  If you're ready to earn top dollar, leverage your skills, and enjoy the adventure of a lifetime, begin your journey as a Travel Healthcare Professional with OneStaff Medical.  If you have any questions or would like to discuss a particular position please feel free to call a recruiter at 877-783-1483 or email info@onestaffmedical.com READY TO GET STARTED?"
b' Overview  Since its founding in 1992, Edgewood Properties has established itself as a leading real estate development and property management company. With corporate headquarters in New Jersey, the company is on a course of growth leading to activities across the nation.We are currently seeking an INTERN in Planning and Urban Design working with planning/landscape construction documents.ResponsibilitiesInforming projects with design ideas. Preparing renderings and visual communication graphics for presentations. Preparation of planning/landscape construction documents. Hands-on experience with active projects and promotional work tasks. Working with team members across the firm. Collaborating with multi-disciplinary staff to solve complex design challenge with a design and planning context.QualificationsBe enrolled in a Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s or Master\xe2\x80\x99s Degree in Landscape Architecture, Urban Design, Planning or Architectural program. AutoCad, Adobe Creative Suite, Sketchup.'
b' The Registered Professional Staff Nurse has responsibility for providing individualized quality patient care by assessing patient needs through data collection and by designing, implementing and continuously evaluating the plan of care. Works in collaboration with all members of the treatment team. Performs other related duties as assigned or requested. Graduate of accredited RN program required. BSN preferred. 1 year psychiatry or medical-surgical experience preferred. Current NJ RN license and CPR required. ANCC Psychiatric and Mental Health Nurse Certification preferred.'
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... As the Senior Consumer Insights Manager, you will identify and solve complex issues for the business. The insights developed by you and your team will drive winning strategies by creating a \xe2\x80\x98consumer centric\xe2\x80\x99 approach to marketing and operations.  You will identify and develop the insights needed for the business units to create their Annual Marketing plans. You will identify critical consumer insights around pricing, promotion, and, emerging trends. These insights will be used to identify \xe2\x80\x98Where to Play and How to Win\xe2\x80\x99 for the next year.  Using the consumer segmentation, you will also drive the creation of new Value Propositions (including optimal pricing, feature bundles and positioning) that will give the company a competitive advantage, drive gross ads and reduce churn for the business. You will utilize and synthesize data from multiple sources (both \xe2\x80\x98big data\xe2\x80\x99, survey data, qualitative and social media insights). You will design and execute custom market research projects to further explore the unique needs of the consumers to identify unmet needs that provide opportunities for new winning products and services. What we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Experience building relationships with business leaders.Knowledge of existing quantitative and qualitative research techniques and emerging trends.Experience with PowerPoint and Excel. Even better if you have: An advanced degree, preferably in business, statistics or social sciences (including psychology or sociology).Demonstrated ability to manage high performing teams and develop emerging talent.Experience multi-tasking in a fast-paced environment.Experience consulting with the ability to influence decisions made by the business.Experience synthesizing and using multiple data sources to solve business problems.When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" Retail Sales Associate - Building Materials - Milltown, NJ  Now is the time. THIS is the place.  Customer Service/Sales associates provide fast, friendly service by actively seeking out customers to assess their needs and provide assistance. These associates learn about products using our tools, and provide information to customers in order to sell an entire project. Associates in this position will learn how to greet, qualify, recommend and close every customer in their department, and know how to handle basics in adjacent departments.  Customer Service/Sales associates maintain the in-stock condition of assigned areas, and ensure it is clean, shop-able, and safe. Each associate has the responsibility of providing a safe working and shopping environment by following all safety policies & standards, completing specified safety training, immediately correcting hazards & unsafe conditions or reporting conditions to the Manager on Duty, and working safely as not to endanger themselves, co-workers, vendors, or customers. These associates work in cooperation with their Department Supervisor and other associates in their department as well as other departments. Specific store departments may include Building Materials, Dcor, Electrical, Flooring, Garden, Hardware, Kitchen & Bath, Lumber, Millwork, Paint, Plumbing and Tool Rental. The Customer Service/Sales position types may include Department Sales, Lead Generator, Pro Account Sales, Sales Specialist, Special Services, and Customer Order Specialist.  Apply on Company Website  Job ID: 48_SPSI-******  Help us improve CareerBuilder by providing feedback about this job: . CAREERBUILDER TIP For your privacy and protection, when applying to a job online, never give your social security number to a prospective employer, provide credit card or bank account information, or perform any sort of monetary transaction. Learn more.  By applying to a job using CareerBuilder you are agreeing to comply with and be subject to the CareerBuilder Terms and Conditions for use of our website. To use our website, you must agree with the Terms and Conditions and both meet and comply with their provisions.  The Home Depot Contact Info Milltown, NJ Don't miss out on new jobs like this  Get the latest jobs delivered to your inbox. Unsubscribe at any time.  Create Job Alert  Saving Your Job Alert  Job Alert Created  Well, this is embarrassing. We are having trouble saving your search. You can try again or come back at a later time.  Maximum Email Alerts  This email address has reached the maximum of 5 email alerts. To create a new alert, you will need to log into your email and unsubscribe from at least one."
b' The Social Worker-Professional Counselor is responsible for the provision of treatment services to a psychiatric patient population## The Social Worker-Professional Counselor works closely with the multi-disciplinary team to develop treatment plans and discharge plans.# The Social Worker-Professional Counselor reports to the Unit Director and Director of Clinical Social Services. Master#s degree in Social Work or Counseling; Minimum 1 year clinical field placement or relevant work experience in a behavioral health setting. Maintains a Current and Valid NJ license (LSW, LCSW, LAC, LPC) Schedule: Every Other Saturday 8am-4:30pm #'
b"This is the big leagues. AT&T is a world leader in communications, business solutions and entertainment.As a Client Solutions Executive our Business Sales team, you'll work with mid-market businesses to sell our full-scale business solutions.Youll be part of the team that walks our customers through AT&T's cutting-edge products, shows them the benefit of our advanced services, and ultimately closes the deal. We aren't just a phone company anymore and you aren't just any sales person. This could be your chance to join a company that's known for being innovative, successful and ahead of the curve.With AT&T's history of success and commitment to emerging technologies, this is the ideal sales environment for a professional looking to build an amazing career. Our wireless division serves 95 percent of the Fortune 100 companies and counts more than 80 percent of the Fortune 500 and more than 1200 federal, state, and local government agencies as customers. Companies and organizations with the most complex networking and communications requirements in the world look to our powerful global IP backbone network, extensive portfolio and expertise to help them increase business velocity by making them more productive, collaborative, competitive, and cost-effective.Are you up for the challenge?Key Roles and Responsibilities:Generates existing and/or new sales to customers for delivery of AT&T products/services/systems and solutions to solve customers strategic business priorities.Builds and maintains a network of colleagues and customers to share information and obtain prospects.Initiates customer contacts/visits with existing and prospective customers.Develops new accounts and maintaining and growing existing accounts.Establishes and maintains productive long-term networks and relationships with customers.Observes and participates in presenting products and services that can benefit customers needs.Demonstrates and maintains complete extensive knowledge of the organizations entire product and service line.Partners with clients to understand business needs, issues, strategies and priorities in order to deliver value-added business solutions.Develops responses to Request for Proposals. Utilizes consultative selling skills to close sales within assigned accounts.Identify key trends and customer needs and leverage industry knowledge and applications in order to find and close opportunities.Most of your time will be spent in direct sales related activities in front of customers at their place of business.Develops strategic initiatives to grow and retain the revenue stream of assigned complex accounts while ensuring customer satisfaction.Supports the sales team through coaching or mentoring. Assists less experienced peers and act as team lead when presenting products/services to existing or prospective customersQualificationsRequired Qualifications:Valid driver's license with satisfactory driving recordCurrent auto insuranceReliable vehicle per transportation needs of marketSkills & Experience:Typically requires 5-8 years direct work experience.5+ years experience B2B, Business to Business sales in an outside or direct sales environment preferredAccount management and client relationship management experience preferredExperience selling business telecommunications and technology solutions direct to enterprise businesses or Federal, State or local government agencies preferredExperience meeting and exceeding sales goals in a competitive environment and generating revenueStrong negotiation, communication and interpersonal skillsEducation: Bachelors Degree, technical discipline preferred."
b" Supplemental Health Care is partnering with a reputable hospital in Morristown, NJ to provide a Travel Critical Care Registered Nurse. See details below:This Registered Nurse is needed for a 13-week travel assignment.13-week travel assignment with the possibility of extending for longer.The shift is 12 hours long, Days, 7:00AM - 7:00PM.This position offers 36 hours per week. For more information, call Gary Jones today at 716-222-9737 or email him at gjones@supplementalhealthcare.com.  Supplemental Health Care offers travel Registered Nurse's benefits such as health insurance, 401K, assistance with CEU's and many more."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Gateway East  55 Mountain Blvd  Warren, NJ 07059 '
b" **Overview**Join **DEFENDERS, the only ADT-Authorized Premier Provider** for home security systems. Defenders has an immediate opening for a Sales Representative **_in your local area_** to help residential homeowners select the best security and technology solutions for their needs and budget. This position includes outside sales to existing customers, relationship development and account management.Each home you visit has already purchased a base security system install. No cold calling or lead generation necessary! The Sales Representative will have a primary responsibility of further developing existing customer relationships with key local ADT home security accounts.LEARN FROM THE BEST! If you are driven and have a passion for sales, DEFENDERS will provide you with the resources, and training you need to be successful. DEFENDERS training program has been recognized & ranked 17th of the 125 best training companies in the world. All Sales Representatives will receive hands-on, paid training in a state-of-the-art simulated home environment at our corporate office in Indianapolis. We will teach you the simple 11 step process of installing the wireless system and you will learn how to thoroughly protect the customers home.**DEFENDERS offer an exciting compensation plan with uncapped earnings potential. Top producers are making well over six figures at DEFENDERS!!!!****Responsibilities**+ Quickly absorb and retain product knowledge+ Build rapport and trust with customers+ Upsell products and services to customers who've purchased base package+ Sell & Install Security Systems (full training provided)+ Travel to existing clients home when services are needed**Qualifications**+ GED or HS Diploma equivalent+ Some sales experience preferred+ Security or home technology background a plus but not required+ High energy and a desire to grow within our company+ Excellent sales, communication and customer service skills a must+ A valid drivers license and reliable vehicle+ Must own a cell phone+ Must complete and pass a pre-employment/drug background checkIf found to be qualified for the next step of our process, you may receive an email and/or text message from our DEFENDERS Talent Attraction team._All qualified applicants to DEFENDERS will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran's status, age, or disability._**Company Code**102**Connect With Us!**Not ready to apply?for general consideration.**Job ID** _2018-2892_**City** _EDISON, NJ_**Category** _Field Sales/Install_"
b"\xc2\xa0No Relocation Assistance Offered\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0The Senior Business Process Analyst will develop both SAP and non SAP applications to support business requirements and deliver the GIT grid.\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0The overall objective of this role is to:\xc2\xa0Partner with business stakeholders to understand strategic R&D objectives and determine how to best support the business through the effective use of technologyArchitect and develop solutions in SAP-PLM to increase automation, integration with other solutions/systems and improve data qualityLiaise with the Global Technology (R&D) business teams in defining business processes/ requirements and technical solutionsApply conceptual knowledge of business processes and technology to solve complex business process and procedural problems.In addition, this position will require the application to:\xc2\xa0Participate in projects of a cross-functional nature and evaluate/deliver/negotiate processes and applications to customers.\xc2\xa0Identify opportunities to maximize current technology investments and optimize system processes and data flows.\xc2\xa0Identify and assess new technology and concepts that can add value to the business.\xc2\xa0Facilitate appropriate business involvement in project teams to build ownership for solutions.\xc2\xa0Gather requirements and develop applications for strategic grid projects\xc2\xa0Define, manage and/or perform the design, testing, implementation & documentation of IT systems according to agreed timelines, business requirements, regulatory requirements and global standards.\xc2\xa0Liaise with the operations teams and act as the technical analyst to ensure the new functional configuration is moved into production environments without unintended impact on business units.\xc2\xa0Learn new technologies as they are evaluated and selected as part of the Global Technology portfolio of applications.\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0Initial assignments in this role will be as follows:\xc2\xa0Develop a solution to link formula data in the PLM system with SKU (Product) data in other SAP systems\xc2\xa0Develop a solution to automate integration of data from the PLM system to Smart Label\xc2\xa0Assist in the migration of the Hill\xe2\x80\x99s PLM system from SAP Recipe Management to SAP Recipe Development\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0This position requires the following qualifications:\xc2\xa0Bachelor's degree preferably in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, Engineering, Business or equivalent experience\xc2\xa0Minimum of 5 years in a technical IT role, developing, configuring and implementing business applications.\xc2\xa0Strong oral & written communication skills with an ability to express complex technical concepts in business terms.\xc2\xa0Strong analytical, problem solving & conceptual skills.\xc2\xa0Experience working with SAP PLM, Recipe Management/ Recipe Development, SAP MM\xc2\xa0Minimum 2 Years\xe2\x80\x99 experience working in ABAP, HANA and Webdynpro required\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0Preferred skills:\xc2\xa0Project ManagementExperience developing in XML and UI5Experience with SAP-PPM, SAP-DMS, Workflow, and SAP-EHSAre you interested in working for Colgate-Palmolive? You can apply to work with us using this online application.\xc2\xa0Attach all relevant documents such as a cover letter and resume or CV. Applications received by e-mail are not considered in the selection process.Become part of our team. We look forward to your application.Equal Opportunity EmployerColgate is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" Up To $208,000 Average Annual 1099 Gross Earnings  (Apply to Philadelphia opening)  Loads of Work  Drive Your Revenue by Hauling Chemicals  Mileage Pay is $1.54 loaded and $1.10 empty + Fuel Surcharge Based upon National DOE average  2500 miles a week  Trimac will supply Owner Operator with a Pump and Compressor & Installation- NO COST TO OWNER  Omnitrac System installation- NO COST TO OWNER  Independence and Flexibility  As a Trimac Owner Operator, you'll have choices and unprecedented support you've never had before:  No forced dispatch  No Start Up Equipment Cost  Business Discount Advantages  Pay less for fuel, tires, and more through Trimac\xe2\x80\x99s Business to Business Discounts.  Fuel discounts with major truck stops: Love\xe2\x80\x99s, Flying J, and Pilot.  National account tire pricing on the brands you know and like.  Discounts on parts and service.  Trimac: Safety is our Core Value  We make Safety a part of every decision  We make Safety personal  We have the courage to intervene Requirements: Hazmat/Tanker/TWIC  1 year verifiable tractor trailer experience  No previous driving record involving consumption of illegal or intoxicating substances in the past 10 years  Not involved in a major preventable accident in the past 3 years  No more than 2 highway convictions in the past 2 years  Trimac Transportation is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to employment equity.  We value a diverse workforce and are committed to hiring practices that are fair and equitable. Walk-Ins Welcomed and Encouraged: Apply in person Monday -Friday 8am to 4pm or call to schedule an appointment.  3500 New Falls Road, Bristol, PA 19807"
b' OverviewValeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. is a diverse pharmaceutical company that is committed to focusing on our key stakeholders while delivering consistently high performance. Our values provide the overall direction for our company, and provide us with the tools necessary to rise to any challenge by leveraging our collective hard work and effort along with our unwavering competitive spirit. These values help us set goals based on our organization\xe2\x80\x99s potential and what we hope it will become.  The Regulatory Affairs Operations Specialist is responsible for updating global regulatory information in Global RIM system, and generating relevant reports from the system. The person will also assist the electronic/paper compilation and submittal of Regulatory submissions to Health Authorities.  Update regulatory data in Global RIM system, and assist publishing regulatory submission documents for global submissionsResponsibilities Update regulatory data in RIM systems and generate reports from the system.Archive documents according to archiving and document retention strategiesPromote and support RA system usageWork with RA Ops managers to ensure readiness of submission documents in accordance with agency guidancePerform QA/QC for submission documents and deliverables for submission-readinessPromote document authoring standardsOther job responsibilities as neededKey Relationships: Internal business functions related to managing global regulatory information, and publishing global regulatory submission documentsQualificationsWorking knowledge and understanding of regulatory requirements and regulationsUnderstanding of the drug development processWorking knowledge of electronic submission requirements to Health AuthoritiesKnowledge of good documentation practices and requirements for managing regulated recordsCapable of utilizing IT systems supporting regulatory affairs such as document management, electronic publishing, and submission systems (e.g., SharePoint, Documentum, InSight Manager)Skilled in basic technologies (e.g., MS Office Applications, Adobe Acrobat, MS Project)Detail-oriented with the ability to proofread and check documents for accuracy and inconsistencies2+ years combined pharmaceutical experience and regulatory experience preferredBachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree preferred Be Aware of Recruiting FraudValeant is an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V.  Job Applicants should be aware of job offer scams perpetrated through the use of the Internet and social media platforms.  To learn more please read Valeant\xe2\x80\x99s Job Offer Fraud Statement.'
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. DAMAGE DEFECTIVE RETURNS CLERKS DDR (Damage Defective Returns) Clerks are responsible for processing damaged and defective merchandise in order to reduce salvage; sorting damaged and returned merchandise and re-wrapping sellable merchandise. Additional responsibilities include but not limited to: Obtaining Return Authorizations from vendorsProcessing vendor charge backsShipping merchandise back to vendorsRequirements:  Strong organizational skills and an attention to detail required. Basic computer skills preferred.  Minimum Age Requirements:  Must be at least 18 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b'Essential Duties and Responsibilities: The Service Manager\xe2\x80\x99s role is to provide uncompromised excellence at all time, making the Guest and the Bar-B-Que the heart and passion of all they do.Ensures the greatest degree of Hospitality to the Guests.Acts as the ambassador for the restaurant and to the Guests.Must focus on guest relations at all times.Ensures that our Guests have the best dining experience and want to consistently return.Ensures consistent execution of all FOH and BOH systems and profitability by providing and ensuring quality training, coaching, and follow- through.Accountable for service standards, systems, cleanliness, organization, team member engagement and the Guest experience.Accountable for suggestive selling, answering questions, taking and delivering Guests\xe2\x80\x99 order, follow up to ensure each Guest receives their correct food and/ or drink order, and every Guest is made to feel welcome.Knowledgeable of all Dining Room systems and operations (ToGo, Host, Bar, and service standards) and Kitchen (Expo, Smokehouse, prep and line quality identifiers and standards).Provides direction, coaching, and leadership for all Team Members including training, safety and sanitation.Responsible for establishing and appropriately communicating goals to Service Director/ Managing Partner on a regular basis.Effectively maintains the restaurant\xe2\x80\x99s facility, both exterior and interior, to Dinosaur standards (clean, neat, and organized) and ensures sufficient supply levels of tools available for both FOH and BOH Team Members to execute their responsibilities.Writes department schedule, effectively maintaining labor goals and Guest satisfaction. The schedule should be planned using forecasted sales and labor budget, while taking Team Member availabilities, requests and vacations into consideration.Responsible for posting department schedule in a timely manner. Ensures adequate advance notice is provided when posting holiday schedules.Communicates effectively with vendors.Knowledgeable of inventory procedures and is able to complete weekly inventory in their area of responsibility.Maintains a strong Dining Room sales focus, coaching Team Members throughout and after the shift.Maintain compliance with all company policies and proceduresAdherence to company uniform and grooming policiesPortrays a favorable image of Dinosaur Bar-B-Que at all timesEducation and/or Work Experience Requirements: High School diploma or equivalent.1-2 years of management experience.2 years of Sales Exp.Full Service restaurant management experience.FOH and BOH experience required.PNL knowledge and cost of sales experience required.Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including ability to effectively communicate with internal and external customer.Excellent computer proficiency (MS Office \xe2\x80\x93 Word, Excel and Outlook)Must be able to work under pressure and meet deadlines, while maintaining a positive attitude and providing exemplary customer serviceKnowledge/ Skills/ Abilities Makes sure when the Guest leave, they leave feeling like there is no other place to eat than the Dino. Based on their service, food, ambience, hospitality from the staff, and overall good time.Exceptional interpersonal skills while showing your personality to the highest degree.Must have a passion for hospitalityExcellent organizational skills while being able to work in an environment without a lot of structure.Must be self- motivated and driven to ensure the best outcome for our Guest.Exceptional leadership and motivational skills required. Must be able to attract, train, develop and retain the very best Team Members in the industry.Ability to define, measure and attain stretch financial goals for the restaurant \xe2\x80\x93 with a focus on year-over-year sales growth, Guest count increases, effective staffing levels, great service, add-on sales, and labor cost management.'
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... This person is responsible for identifying opportunities and developing strategic marketing plans to achieve revenue growth within the Consumer Wireline organization. Successful candidate will be able to analyze market opportunities, industry trends, perform data analytics and apply learning\xe2\x80\x99s to formalize and implement marketing strategies in an effort to drive revenue growth from the base of Internet and TV customers. Lead efforts to analyze program performance and leverage key data and customer insights to optimize existing programs and drive new strategies for revenue growthRevenue accretion and margin optimization across vertical add-on products/services including equipment, content, accessories, professional support and servicesRelentlessly drive growth through creative thinking, test-and-learn methodology, and rapid executionLead cross functional teams to ensure marketing strategies and programs are delivered on time and drive desired outcomeQuickly assess and anticipate market trends, competitive shifts and adopt strategies to drive optimal performanceSecure support of leadership and cross functional teams to execute recommended strategiesWork closely with product development team as well as external vendors on roadmap definitionWhat we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Marketing experience. Even better if you have. A degree.Proven ability to derive, synthesize and apply findings to business problems to lift revenue and margins.Analytical and problem solving skills.Strong quantitative skills and comfortable in data driven business environment.Ability to use creative thinking in a fast paced, results-driven environment.Ability to influence and lead teams to deliver against complex initiatives.Financial Acumen.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Project Management experience \xe2\x80\x93 ability to manage a large number of simultaneous tasks and keep deliverables on schedule.When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b' Position Title: Staff Accountant  Job Location: Edison, New Jersey  Type: Regular Full-Time Job Summary: The staff accountant will be responsible for preparing journal entries, account reconciliations, assistance with annual budget and monthly forecasting, and assistance with client billing. Responsibilities In this position you will be responsible for the following duties: Adjusting month end journal entriesMonthly bank reconciliationsBalance sheet account reconciliationsBookkeeping for a small subsidiaryEnsure compliance with sales tax and state business licensesAssist with annual financial and SSAE18 auditsAssistance with annual budget preparationAssistance with monthly forecastAssistance with client billingEnter benefits commissions received to AgencyWare systemOther finance projects as assigned Qualifications/Basic Job Requirements  The ideal candidate should meet the following requirements: Applicants must have a bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Accounting.0-3 years\xe2\x80\x99 experienceKnowledge or experience using Great Plains/Dynamics a plusStrong ExcelSuperior professionalism and customer service skills.Excellent communication skills; written and verbal.Solid time management skills.Strong interpersonal and listening skills.Be highly motivated, enthusiastic, and team oriented.'
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. TIRE SALES & INSTALLATION TEAM MEMBER Tire Sales & Installation Team Members are responsible for installing tires properly, efficiently and safely; mounting, dismounting, rotating and balancing tires. Team Members are also responsible for assisting members in the selection and purchase of tires with courteous and friendly customer service. This includes verifying tire size for the member's vehicle and completing the appropriate paperwork for the purchase of tires and for installation service. Additional responsibilities include but are not limited to: Complying with safety and cleanliness standards and utilizing tire bay equipment properlyRepairing tiresAssisting members in the selection and purchase of tiresFilling propane tanks, if certified and as neededMaintaining a clean and professional tire bay and waiting areaEnsuring that knowledgeable service is provided to members at the tire deskUtilizing special order tire programs where appropriateEnsuring appropriate documentation is completed for each completed service and orderMerchandising tire displays and automotive productsRequirements: Strong interpersonal skills requiredPrior tire installation experience helpfulValid driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and the ability to drive a vehicle with both an automatic and manual transmissionAbility to lift over 30 pounds with assistanceMust be able to pass Michelin training levels one through four within three months of hireMinimum Age Requirements: Must be at least 18 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b' Shift Type Evening Job Title Registered Nurse - Hemodialysis Outpatient (Full Time) Location Linden Renal Dialysis - Linden, NJ 07036 US (Primary) Category Nursing - Professional Work Schedule Full Time Job DescriptionTrinitas offers world-class expertise in the diagnosis and treatment of renal disease. Our renal program is designated with a 5 star rating through CMS for excellence in patient care. Our physicians and staff offer years of experience and operate out of three locations that are convenient to area residents. We emphasize expert diagnosis, treatment and early intervention for those at greatest risk.  To better serve our patients, all three Trinitas dialysis facilities have achieved 5-Diamond status through the Quality Insights Renal Network 3. The 5-Diamond Patient Safety Program was developed as an innovative training and recognition program to assist dialysis providers in increasing awareness and building a culture of safety among patients.  As a Registered Nurse in our Renal Services Program you will have the opportunity to get to know your patients and their families on a deeper level. You will influence the lives of our patients and their families on a daily basis by delivering the highest quality care to people with renal and other chronic conditions. Job RequirementsCurrent New Jersey Professional Nurse License; BLS within 6 months of employment in this position; Ability to perform all competencies of the position is required for employment in the position. No experience required. Must be available and able to provide on call coverage for emergency dialysis cases from 10:00 pm to 6:00 am Monday through Friday and around the clock on weekends and holidays.Trinitas Regional Medical Center'
b' More about South Amboy Comprehensive Treatment Center: OutpatientAddictionPRN with movement to more consistent hours within 12 monthsAddition Medicine certification and/or experience working with chemical dependency preferred We are looking for like-minded physicians who are passionate about the field of addiction, the patients and families we serve, and proud to work with a talented and hardworking staff. To find out more, fill out the form below and one of our physician recruiters will contact you shortly. .wForm form{text-align: left;} .g-recaptcha{margin-top: 1em!important;}  #tfa_6932768441709, *[id^="tfa_6932768441709["] { width: 350.020834px !important; } #tfa_6932768441709-D, *[id^="tfa_6932768441709["][class~="field-container-D"] { width: auto !important; } #tfa_6932768441711, *[id^="tfa_6932768441711["] { width: 350.020834px !important; } #tfa_6932768441711-D, *[id^="tfa_6932768441711["][class~="field-container-D"] { width: auto !important; } #tfa_6932768441713, *[id^="tfa_6932768441713["] { width: 350.020834px !important; } #tfa_6932768441713-D, *[id^="tfa_6932768441713["][class~="field-container-D"] { width: auto !important; } #tfa_6932768441719, *[id^="tfa_6932768441719["] { width: 340px !important; } #tfa_6932768441719-D, *[id^="tfa_6932768441719["][class~="field-container-D"] { width: auto !important; } #tfa_6932768441719-L, label[id^="tfa_6932768441719["] { width: 290px !important; } #tfa_6932768441721, *[id^="tfa_6932768441721["] { width: 340px !important; } #tfa_6932768441721-D, *[id^="tfa_6932768441721["][class~="field-container-D"] { width: auto !important; } #tfa_6932768441721-L, label[id^="tfa_6932768441721["] { width: 290px !important; }  .supportInfo { display: none; }  Physician\'s CareerLine - Region 3 Inquiry  Name Phone Email Preferred Contact Method:PhoneEmail Hospital/Program Name of Interest: Position(s) of Interest: Upload your resume: Captcha Please enter the characters you see in this picture:Characters This helps prevent automated form submissions. If you are not sure what the characters are, make your best guess. You will have another try in the next screen.Can\'t see the image? Click here for an audible version in English.  Need assistance with this form?  South Amboy Comprehensive Treatment Center is located in South Amboy, New Jersey. At this center, medication assisted treatment is supplied to individuals battling with opioid addiction. We specialize in treating those addicted to opioids including prescription pain medications, morphine, and heroin. Our services include the use of methadone, which is a medication effective in curbing cravings for continued use and decreasing withdrawal symptoms. Additionally, our center offers individual and group therapy sessions. These therapeutic interventions help patients uncover the hidden causes behind the opioid addiction. Our staff is made up of exceptional physicians, nurses, and counselors.'
b'The Producing Branch Manager is a highly motivated professional with a desire and proven experience developing and leading a small team of financial sales professionals with a proven track record of strong individual performance. Should possess superior knowledge of all products and strategies available to meet client needs.  Primary focus of this role is to advise existing and prospective clients in the selection of products and services best suited to meet their financial goals as well as the direct supervision and professional development for a small team of Financial Consultants. Expected to have a strong results oriented work ethic to develop relationships with existing clients and build relationships with new clients. Demonstrate to clients and prospects the value of the TDA platform, resulting in asset accumulation and retention. Meet or exceed the TD Ameritrade Branch Management Sales Performance Minimums on both a quarterly and annual basis across all facets of the TD Ameritrade product and service platforms.Continuous focus on growing sales knowledge, staying current with industry and market trends, improving processes, and enhancing the client experience.Analyzes and interprets customers financial circumstances and investment objectives in light of various factors. Advises customers on advantages and disadvantages of various investment products.Demonstrates solid portfolio planning skills and comprehensive industry and investment knowledge through balanced presentations for clients needs and long-term financial strategyPositions appropriate products -- through balanced presentations -- to each clients current needs and long term financial strategy, including sell advice and portfolio planningAdapt coaching and influence strategies to effectively motivate, influence, inspire, recognize, and engage Associates.Identify, execute and follow-up on all opportunities to establish customer relationships including prospecting, lead utilization, and local market / community involvement. Responsible for driving branch client appointments and phone sale opportunities.Lead the branch team to achieve designated customer satisfaction goalsAdheres to all compliance/risk procedures, follows corporate and industry protocols, and acts in a manner which protects the interests of the customer and TD Ameritrade at all times.Has developed standard end-to-end processes to manage resources, risk quality, and deliverables.Creates and maintains short and long term staffing plans and successfully builds pipeline of candidates so as to minimize time to fill open positionsModels and exhibits self-imposed high standards, integrity and ethical behavior at all times.Proven leadership, management and motivational skillsPrior sales management experience in brokerage industry preferred. Understanding of current regulatory requirements in the financial industry.Ability to communicate investment strategies in a clear and concise manner to retail clients and business partners that enables clients to make informed investment decisionsExperience presenting solutions to clients and prospects through face-to-face/phone meetingsSuccessful experience and proven track record in growing salesProven ability to develop strong relationships with clients, prospects, business partners and direct reports3+ years licensed brokerage experience requiredProactive team player able to work in a fast-paced environmentStrong analytical, organizational and presentation skillsExceptional interpersonal and communicative skills with both individuals and groupsStrong computer skills, with proficiency in Excel, Word, Outlook, etc.Series 7 and 66 (or 63/65) required, Series 24 (or 9/10) preferred (must pass within 90 days of hire)Bachelors degree in Finance, Business, or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience required.Military education or experience may be considered in lieu of civilian requirement'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Plainsboro Village Center  9 Schalks Crossing Rd Ste 709  Plainsboro, NJ 08536 '
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b' Overview  Since its founding in 1992, Edgewood Properties has established itself as a leading real estate development and property management company. With corporate headquarters in New Jersey, the company is on a course of growth leading to activities across the nation.We are currently seeking an INTERN in Planning and Urban Design working with planning/landscape construction documents.ResponsibilitiesInforming projects with design ideas. Preparing renderings and visual communication graphics for presentations. Preparation of planning/landscape construction documents. Hands-on experience with active projects and promotional work tasks. Working with team members across the firm. Collaborating with multi-disciplinary staff to solve complex design challenge with a design and planning context.QualificationsBe enrolled in a Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s or Master\xe2\x80\x99s Degree in Landscape Architecture, Urban Design, Planning or Architectural program. AutoCad, Adobe Creative Suite, Sketchup.'
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... As the Senior Consumer Insights Manager, you will identify and solve complex issues for the business. The insights developed by you and your team will drive winning strategies by creating a \xe2\x80\x98consumer centric\xe2\x80\x99 approach to marketing and operations.  You will identify and develop the insights needed for the business units to create their Annual Marketing plans. You will identify critical consumer insights around pricing, promotion, and, emerging trends. These insights will be used to identify \xe2\x80\x98Where to Play and How to Win\xe2\x80\x99 for the next year.  Using the consumer segmentation, you will also drive the creation of new Value Propositions (including optimal pricing, feature bundles and positioning) that will give the company a competitive advantage, drive gross ads and reduce churn for the business. You will utilize and synthesize data from multiple sources (both \xe2\x80\x98big data\xe2\x80\x99, survey data, qualitative and social media insights). You will design and execute custom market research projects to further explore the unique needs of the consumers to identify unmet needs that provide opportunities for new winning products and services. What we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Experience building relationships with business leaders.Knowledge of existing quantitative and qualitative research techniques and emerging trends.Experience with PowerPoint and Excel. Even better if you have: An advanced degree, preferably in business, statistics or social sciences (including psychology or sociology).Demonstrated ability to manage high performing teams and develop emerging talent.Experience multi-tasking in a fast-paced environment.Experience consulting with the ability to influence decisions made by the business.Experience synthesizing and using multiple data sources to solve business problems.When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b" Retail Sales Associate - Building Materials - Milltown, NJ  Now is the time. THIS is the place.  Customer Service/Sales associates provide fast, friendly service by actively seeking out customers to assess their needs and provide assistance. These associates learn about products using our tools, and provide information to customers in order to sell an entire project. Associates in this position will learn how to greet, qualify, recommend and close every customer in their department, and know how to handle basics in adjacent departments.  Customer Service/Sales associates maintain the in-stock condition of assigned areas, and ensure it is clean, shop-able, and safe. Each associate has the responsibility of providing a safe working and shopping environment by following all safety policies & standards, completing specified safety training, immediately correcting hazards & unsafe conditions or reporting conditions to the Manager on Duty, and working safely as not to endanger themselves, co-workers, vendors, or customers. These associates work in cooperation with their Department Supervisor and other associates in their department as well as other departments. Specific store departments may include Building Materials, Dcor, Electrical, Flooring, Garden, Hardware, Kitchen & Bath, Lumber, Millwork, Paint, Plumbing and Tool Rental. The Customer Service/Sales position types may include Department Sales, Lead Generator, Pro Account Sales, Sales Specialist, Special Services, and Customer Order Specialist.  Apply on Company Website  Job ID: 48_SPSI-******  Help us improve CareerBuilder by providing feedback about this job: . CAREERBUILDER TIP For your privacy and protection, when applying to a job online, never give your social security number to a prospective employer, provide credit card or bank account information, or perform any sort of monetary transaction. Learn more.  By applying to a job using CareerBuilder you are agreeing to comply with and be subject to the CareerBuilder Terms and Conditions for use of our website. To use our website, you must agree with the Terms and Conditions and both meet and comply with their provisions.  The Home Depot Contact Info Milltown, NJ Don't miss out on new jobs like this  Get the latest jobs delivered to your inbox. Unsubscribe at any time.  Create Job Alert  Saving Your Job Alert  Job Alert Created  Well, this is embarrassing. We are having trouble saving your search. You can try again or come back at a later time.  Maximum Email Alerts  This email address has reached the maximum of 5 email alerts. To create a new alert, you will need to log into your email and unsubscribe from at least one."
b"This is the big leagues. AT&T is a world leader in communications, business solutions and entertainment.As a Client Solutions Executive our Business Sales team, you'll work with mid-market businesses to sell our full-scale business solutions.Youll be part of the team that walks our customers through AT&T's cutting-edge products, shows them the benefit of our advanced services, and ultimately closes the deal. We aren't just a phone company anymore and you aren't just any sales person. This could be your chance to join a company that's known for being innovative, successful and ahead of the curve.With AT&T's history of success and commitment to emerging technologies, this is the ideal sales environment for a professional looking to build an amazing career. Our wireless division serves 95 percent of the Fortune 100 companies and counts more than 80 percent of the Fortune 500 and more than 1200 federal, state, and local government agencies as customers. Companies and organizations with the most complex networking and communications requirements in the world look to our powerful global IP backbone network, extensive portfolio and expertise to help them increase business velocity by making them more productive, collaborative, competitive, and cost-effective.Are you up for the challenge?Key Roles and Responsibilities:Generates existing and/or new sales to customers for delivery of AT&T products/services/systems and solutions to solve customers strategic business priorities.Builds and maintains a network of colleagues and customers to share information and obtain prospects.Initiates customer contacts/visits with existing and prospective customers.Develops new accounts and maintaining and growing existing accounts.Establishes and maintains productive long-term networks and relationships with customers.Observes and participates in presenting products and services that can benefit customers needs.Demonstrates and maintains complete extensive knowledge of the organizations entire product and service line.Partners with clients to understand business needs, issues, strategies and priorities in order to deliver value-added business solutions.Develops responses to Request for Proposals. Utilizes consultative selling skills to close sales within assigned accounts.Identify key trends and customer needs and leverage industry knowledge and applications in order to find and close opportunities.Most of your time will be spent in direct sales related activities in front of customers at their place of business.Develops strategic initiatives to grow and retain the revenue stream of assigned complex accounts while ensuring customer satisfaction.Supports the sales team through coaching or mentoring. Assists less experienced peers and act as team lead when presenting products/services to existing or prospective customersQualificationsRequired Qualifications:Valid driver's license with satisfactory driving recordCurrent auto insuranceReliable vehicle per transportation needs of marketSkills & Experience:Typically requires 5-8 years direct work experience.5+ years experience B2B, Business to Business sales in an outside or direct sales environment preferredAccount management and client relationship management experience preferredExperience selling business telecommunications and technology solutions direct to enterprise businesses or Federal, State or local government agencies preferredExperience meeting and exceeding sales goals in a competitive environment and generating revenueStrong negotiation, communication and interpersonal skillsEducation: Bachelors Degree, technical discipline preferred."
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" **Overview**Join **DEFENDERS, the only ADT-Authorized Premier Provider** for home security systems. Defenders has an immediate opening for a Sales Representative **_in your local area_** to help residential homeowners select the best security and technology solutions for their needs and budget. This position includes outside sales to existing customers, relationship development and account management.Each home you visit has already purchased a base security system install. No cold calling or lead generation necessary! The Sales Representative will have a primary responsibility of further developing existing customer relationships with key local ADT home security accounts.LEARN FROM THE BEST! If you are driven and have a passion for sales, DEFENDERS will provide you with the resources, and training you need to be successful. DEFENDERS training program has been recognized & ranked 17th of the 125 best training companies in the world. All Sales Representatives will receive hands-on, paid training in a state-of-the-art simulated home environment at our corporate office in Indianapolis. We will teach you the simple 11 step process of installing the wireless system and you will learn how to thoroughly protect the customers home.**DEFENDERS offer an exciting compensation plan with uncapped earnings potential. Top producers are making well over six figures at DEFENDERS!!!!****Responsibilities**+ Quickly absorb and retain product knowledge+ Build rapport and trust with customers+ Upsell products and services to customers who've purchased base package+ Sell & Install Security Systems (full training provided)+ Travel to existing clients home when services are needed**Qualifications**+ GED or HS Diploma equivalent+ Some sales experience preferred+ Security or home technology background a plus but not required+ High energy and a desire to grow within our company+ Excellent sales, communication and customer service skills a must+ A valid drivers license and reliable vehicle+ Must own a cell phone+ Must complete and pass a pre-employment/drug background checkIf found to be qualified for the next step of our process, you may receive an email and/or text message from our DEFENDERS Talent Attraction team._All qualified applicants to DEFENDERS will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran's status, age, or disability._**Company Code**102**Connect With Us!**Not ready to apply?for general consideration.**Job ID** _2018-2892_**City** _EDISON, NJ_**Category** _Field Sales/Install_"
b"\xc2\xa0No Relocation Assistance Offered\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0The Senior Business Process Analyst will develop both SAP and non SAP applications to support business requirements and deliver the GIT grid.\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0The overall objective of this role is to:\xc2\xa0Partner with business stakeholders to understand strategic R&D objectives and determine how to best support the business through the effective use of technologyArchitect and develop solutions in SAP-PLM to increase automation, integration with other solutions/systems and improve data qualityLiaise with the Global Technology (R&D) business teams in defining business processes/ requirements and technical solutionsApply conceptual knowledge of business processes and technology to solve complex business process and procedural problems.In addition, this position will require the application to:\xc2\xa0Participate in projects of a cross-functional nature and evaluate/deliver/negotiate processes and applications to customers.\xc2\xa0Identify opportunities to maximize current technology investments and optimize system processes and data flows.\xc2\xa0Identify and assess new technology and concepts that can add value to the business.\xc2\xa0Facilitate appropriate business involvement in project teams to build ownership for solutions.\xc2\xa0Gather requirements and develop applications for strategic grid projects\xc2\xa0Define, manage and/or perform the design, testing, implementation & documentation of IT systems according to agreed timelines, business requirements, regulatory requirements and global standards.\xc2\xa0Liaise with the operations teams and act as the technical analyst to ensure the new functional configuration is moved into production environments without unintended impact on business units.\xc2\xa0Learn new technologies as they are evaluated and selected as part of the Global Technology portfolio of applications.\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0Initial assignments in this role will be as follows:\xc2\xa0Develop a solution to link formula data in the PLM system with SKU (Product) data in other SAP systems\xc2\xa0Develop a solution to automate integration of data from the PLM system to Smart Label\xc2\xa0Assist in the migration of the Hill\xe2\x80\x99s PLM system from SAP Recipe Management to SAP Recipe Development\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0This position requires the following qualifications:\xc2\xa0Bachelor's degree preferably in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, Engineering, Business or equivalent experience\xc2\xa0Minimum of 5 years in a technical IT role, developing, configuring and implementing business applications.\xc2\xa0Strong oral & written communication skills with an ability to express complex technical concepts in business terms.\xc2\xa0Strong analytical, problem solving & conceptual skills.\xc2\xa0Experience working with SAP PLM, Recipe Management/ Recipe Development, SAP MM\xc2\xa0Minimum 2 Years\xe2\x80\x99 experience working in ABAP, HANA and Webdynpro required\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0Preferred skills:\xc2\xa0Project ManagementExperience developing in XML and UI5Experience with SAP-PPM, SAP-DMS, Workflow, and SAP-EHSAre you interested in working for Colgate-Palmolive? You can apply to work with us using this online application.\xc2\xa0Attach all relevant documents such as a cover letter and resume or CV. Applications received by e-mail are not considered in the selection process.Become part of our team. We look forward to your application.Equal Opportunity EmployerColgate is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
b" Up To $208,000 Average Annual 1099 Gross Earnings  (Apply to Philadelphia opening)  Loads of Work  Drive Your Revenue by Hauling Chemicals  Mileage Pay is $1.54 loaded and $1.10 empty + Fuel Surcharge Based upon National DOE average  2500 miles a week  Trimac will supply Owner Operator with a Pump and Compressor & Installation- NO COST TO OWNER  Omnitrac System installation- NO COST TO OWNER  Independence and Flexibility  As a Trimac Owner Operator, you'll have choices and unprecedented support you've never had before:  No forced dispatch  No Start Up Equipment Cost  Business Discount Advantages  Pay less for fuel, tires, and more through Trimac\xe2\x80\x99s Business to Business Discounts.  Fuel discounts with major truck stops: Love\xe2\x80\x99s, Flying J, and Pilot.  National account tire pricing on the brands you know and like.  Discounts on parts and service.  Trimac: Safety is our Core Value  We make Safety a part of every decision  We make Safety personal  We have the courage to intervene Requirements: Hazmat/Tanker/TWIC  1 year verifiable tractor trailer experience  No previous driving record involving consumption of illegal or intoxicating substances in the past 10 years  Not involved in a major preventable accident in the past 3 years  No more than 2 highway convictions in the past 2 years  Trimac Transportation is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to employment equity.  We value a diverse workforce and are committed to hiring practices that are fair and equitable. Walk-Ins Welcomed and Encouraged: Apply in person Monday -Friday 8am to 4pm or call to schedule an appointment.  3500 New Falls Road, Bristol, PA 19807"
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. DAMAGE DEFECTIVE RETURNS CLERKS DDR (Damage Defective Returns) Clerks are responsible for processing damaged and defective merchandise in order to reduce salvage; sorting damaged and returned merchandise and re-wrapping sellable merchandise. Additional responsibilities include but not limited to: Obtaining Return Authorizations from vendorsProcessing vendor charge backsShipping merchandise back to vendorsRequirements:  Strong organizational skills and an attention to detail required. Basic computer skills preferred.  Minimum Age Requirements:  Must be at least 18 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... This person is responsible for identifying opportunities and developing strategic marketing plans to achieve revenue growth within the Consumer Wireline organization. Successful candidate will be able to analyze market opportunities, industry trends, perform data analytics and apply learning\xe2\x80\x99s to formalize and implement marketing strategies in an effort to drive revenue growth from the base of Internet and TV customers. Lead efforts to analyze program performance and leverage key data and customer insights to optimize existing programs and drive new strategies for revenue growthRevenue accretion and margin optimization across vertical add-on products/services including equipment, content, accessories, professional support and servicesRelentlessly drive growth through creative thinking, test-and-learn methodology, and rapid executionLead cross functional teams to ensure marketing strategies and programs are delivered on time and drive desired outcomeQuickly assess and anticipate market trends, competitive shifts and adopt strategies to drive optimal performanceSecure support of leadership and cross functional teams to execute recommended strategiesWork closely with product development team as well as external vendors on roadmap definitionWhat we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Marketing experience. Even better if you have. A degree.Proven ability to derive, synthesize and apply findings to business problems to lift revenue and margins.Analytical and problem solving skills.Strong quantitative skills and comfortable in data driven business environment.Ability to use creative thinking in a fast paced, results-driven environment.Ability to influence and lead teams to deliver against complex initiatives.Financial Acumen.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Project Management experience \xe2\x80\x93 ability to manage a large number of simultaneous tasks and keep deliverables on schedule.When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. TIRE SALES & INSTALLATION TEAM MEMBER Tire Sales & Installation Team Members are responsible for installing tires properly, efficiently and safely; mounting, dismounting, rotating and balancing tires. Team Members are also responsible for assisting members in the selection and purchase of tires with courteous and friendly customer service. This includes verifying tire size for the member's vehicle and completing the appropriate paperwork for the purchase of tires and for installation service. Additional responsibilities include but are not limited to: Complying with safety and cleanliness standards and utilizing tire bay equipment properlyRepairing tiresAssisting members in the selection and purchase of tiresFilling propane tanks, if certified and as neededMaintaining a clean and professional tire bay and waiting areaEnsuring that knowledgeable service is provided to members at the tire deskUtilizing special order tire programs where appropriateEnsuring appropriate documentation is completed for each completed service and orderMerchandising tire displays and automotive productsRequirements: Strong interpersonal skills requiredPrior tire installation experience helpfulValid driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and the ability to drive a vehicle with both an automatic and manual transmissionAbility to lift over 30 pounds with assistanceMust be able to pass Michelin training levels one through four within three months of hireMinimum Age Requirements: Must be at least 18 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b' More about South Amboy Comprehensive Treatment Center: OutpatientAddictionPRN with movement to more consistent hours within 12 monthsAddition Medicine certification and/or experience working with chemical dependency preferred We are looking for like-minded physicians who are passionate about the field of addiction, the patients and families we serve, and proud to work with a talented and hardworking staff. To find out more, fill out the form below and one of our physician recruiters will contact you shortly. .wForm form{text-align: left;} .g-recaptcha{margin-top: 1em!important;}  #tfa_6932768441709, *[id^="tfa_6932768441709["] { width: 350.020834px !important; } #tfa_6932768441709-D, *[id^="tfa_6932768441709["][class~="field-container-D"] { width: auto !important; } #tfa_6932768441711, *[id^="tfa_6932768441711["] { width: 350.020834px !important; } #tfa_6932768441711-D, *[id^="tfa_6932768441711["][class~="field-container-D"] { width: auto !important; } #tfa_6932768441713, *[id^="tfa_6932768441713["] { width: 350.020834px !important; } #tfa_6932768441713-D, *[id^="tfa_6932768441713["][class~="field-container-D"] { width: auto !important; } #tfa_6932768441719, *[id^="tfa_6932768441719["] { width: 340px !important; } #tfa_6932768441719-D, *[id^="tfa_6932768441719["][class~="field-container-D"] { width: auto !important; } #tfa_6932768441719-L, label[id^="tfa_6932768441719["] { width: 290px !important; } #tfa_6932768441721, *[id^="tfa_6932768441721["] { width: 340px !important; } #tfa_6932768441721-D, *[id^="tfa_6932768441721["][class~="field-container-D"] { width: auto !important; } #tfa_6932768441721-L, label[id^="tfa_6932768441721["] { width: 290px !important; }  .supportInfo { display: none; }  Physician\'s CareerLine - Region 3 Inquiry  Name Phone Email Preferred Contact Method:PhoneEmail Hospital/Program Name of Interest: Position(s) of Interest: Upload your resume: Captcha Please enter the characters you see in this picture:Characters This helps prevent automated form submissions. If you are not sure what the characters are, make your best guess. You will have another try in the next screen.Can\'t see the image? Click here for an audible version in English.  Need assistance with this form?  South Amboy Comprehensive Treatment Center is located in South Amboy, New Jersey. At this center, medication assisted treatment is supplied to individuals battling with opioid addiction. We specialize in treating those addicted to opioids including prescription pain medications, morphine, and heroin. Our services include the use of methadone, which is a medication effective in curbing cravings for continued use and decreasing withdrawal symptoms. Additionally, our center offers individual and group therapy sessions. These therapeutic interventions help patients uncover the hidden causes behind the opioid addiction. Our staff is made up of exceptional physicians, nurses, and counselors.'
b" At Wakefern Food Corporation, we're setting a new standard for success. We're the nation's largest retailer-owned cooperative, and the wholesale distribution and merchandising arm for ShopRite Supermarkets. We are currently seeking a part-time Price Checker to work in Connecticut. In this position, you will travel to competitor's stores and using a hand-held device, conduct retail price checks. To qualify, you must possess a valid driver's license and flexibility with regard to travel. You will be required to work 15-20 hours per week. Excellent time management, planning, organizational skills are required. Strong communication, interpersonal, multi-tasking and basic math skills are essential. Previous supermarket experience, PC proficiency and bilingual Spanish are helpful. We offer a competitive hourly rate. Please send your resume to Chris.Nudo@wakefern.com. Please state PT Price Checker NJ in the subject title of your email. Wakefern is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a diverse workforce, which reflects the communities we serve. We regret that only those being considered will be contacted. www.wakefern.com"
b" OverviewThe M&R Supervisor handles compliance and control of M&R programs, repairs and recommended services of both depot and pool chassis at Metro NY/NJ and various rail ramp locations. Work with terminal staff and M&R vendors to provide our customers with safe, reliable equipment, in full compliance with all regulations.ResponsibilitiesRepair authorizations & budget management: Perform pre, during and post repair quality control inspections of chassis. Perform required vendor audits, reports, measure progress and follow-up at Metro Pool and other locations as dispatched including the depots on a timely basis.  Use of hand held and mobile technology in the performance of the day to day duties.  Reduce costs by constantly reviewing estimates for efficient repairs, correct tariff times, parts pricing and repair procedures.  Daily review and address any contractual repair requirements such as but not limited to: CSX bad order over 10 day requirement. Facilitate repair or repositioning of any equipment in bad order status.  Accurately determine and submit terminal claims for chassis damages.  Inventory management: interact with operations department in the repositioning and control as required to maintain proper inventory levels.  Oversee and manage tire, warrantee and any other corporate programs at assigned pools and depots and in conjunction with staff personnel.  Reviewing and approve repair invoices via EDI and manually where appropriate.  Maintain daily and/or weekly operational reports designed to manage and illustrate pace of repairs.  Oversee on and off-hire surveys of chassis, verification of customer hired surveyors\xe2\x80\x99 results and/or joint inspections with customer supplied surveyors.  Oversee and help further control scrap program at depots.QualificationsMinimum 2 years Intermodal experience and knowledge of industry with an understanding of maintenance requirements for intermodal equipment  IICL Chassis certification a plus  Must have a valid driver\xe2\x80\x99s license, and pass a background check  Must be able to perform \xe2\x80\x9cwalk-around\xe2\x80\x9d inspection of chassis, as well as using a crawler to check brakes and axles  Must be able to lift and move truck tires  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills  Proficient with Microsoft Office (Word and Excel)  Flexibility to quickly adapt to change  Ability to excel in a fast paced and dynamic work environment  Excellent attention to detail  Must be able to multi-task and work independently as well as contribute to the overall success of the team  Must comply with OSHA regulations and specific location safety policies and procedures.More About UsAre you looking for a career with an industry leader? Have big ideas that deserve to be heard? A career at TRAC offers a rewarding opportunity to be part of a growing, evolving and ever-improving organization. TRAC Intermodal is North America\xe2\x80\x99s leading intermodal transportation equipment provider and chassis pool manager serving domestic and international shippers. The company's operations include long-term leasing and short-term rentals of approximately 278,000 chassis in our fleet. We also provide pool/fleet management services and are a leader in providing chassis solutions to the intermodal industry that are designed to increase supply chain efficiency, control costs and promote safety. Based in Princeton New Jersey, TRAC Intermodal is opening new locations across North America, experiencing impressive growth and embracing change. With the acquisition of Interstar Fleet Services and partnership with StreetTurn\xe2\x80\x99s Intermodal Data Hub, we continue to expand our service offerings and create new career opportunities. If you want to work with a company whose people live its values every day, consider a career with TRAC Intermodal."
b' Under direct supervision, answers salon phone calls, manages the salon computer appointment systems, guest records and salon traffic flow. The Guest Coordinator assists with the promotion of the salon business through the use of suggestive service selling techniques (e.g., \xe2\x80\x98Would you like a manicure with your haircut today?). Use your skills, experience & talents to be part of something BEAUTIFUL! As a Guest Coordinator you will perform the following essential functions\xe2\x80\xa6 Acknowledge all customers within 30 seconds of entering the Salon pro-hair area and offers friendly, prompt, and courteous service.Inform customers of current promotions and provides knowledgeable, professional product recommendations to guests.Suggest add-on services when booking appointment.Adhere to and practices corporate clientele and preferred customer programs and productivity goals.Handle sales, refunds and exchanges courteously by ensuring that the correct price, tax and/or discount are applied correctly.Resolve customer complaints promptly and successfully by investigating problems, developing solutions and implementing them.Complete all paperwork in a timely, consistent and accurate manner.Adhere to all corporate customer service policies.Experience we are looking for\xe2\x80\xa6High school diploma, no relevant work experience or equivalent combination of education and relevant work experience.Demonstrates significant competency in sales, products and service.Developed communication skills.Ability to troubleshoot.Ability to work independently and as part of a team.Ability to lead a team.Ability to build and maintain strong customer relationships.OtherOn a regular basis, requires the ability to walk.On a regular basis, requires the ability to reach with hands and arms.On a regular basis, requires the ability to stand for a minimum of 4 hours.On a regular basis, requires the ability to lift and/or move 50 lbs.On an occasional basis, requires the ability to climb a ladder and balance.On a frequent basis, requires the ability to stoop, kneel and crouchRequirements'
b' Provides a high level of support services for the professional nursing staff and the routine functions of patient care under the direction of the professional nurse.# Requires a high school diploma or equivalent. Two years of college and six months experience or Bachelors degree in lieu of experience preferred. College study focus in psychology, sociology, nursing or related field or equivalent education. All positions include an every other weekend work requirement.# 6:45-15:15 Week 1: Tues, Wed, Fri, Sat Week 2: Sun, Mon, Thur, Fri'
b"ALK Technologies, a global leader in GeoLogistics\xe2\x84\xa2 and navigation software, is focused on developing innovative solutions for transportation, logistics, mobile workforces and consumers. For 30 years, ALK has led the transportation industry with high-quality routing, mileage and mapping solutions. ALK\xe2\x80\x99s PC*MILER products are used by 98% of the largest North American transportation and logistics providers as well as the US Department of Defense. Its award-winning CoPilot Live GPS Navigation software applications provide voice-guided, turn-by-turn GPS navigation on a wide range of smartphones, mobile devices and on-board computers.  This is a great opportunity for entry level Geography majors to join our expanding Data Team. We are looking for bright energetic people with a genuine interest in the GIS/GPS/mapping industry. Our GIS Technicians use ALK's proprietary GIS software to create, maintain, and enhance a number of transportation network database used in our products. Qualifications: BA/BS in Geography or closely related field. Solid understanding of spatial data concepts and mapping techniques. An interest in computerized mapping is desired. Experience with ArcView, MS Access and GPS a plus. Excellent attention to detail, strong organizational skills and self-motivated ALK is located on Route 1 in Princeton NJ in a new office beautifully designed to support our recent and expected future growth. ALK offers great benefits such as paid healthcare, 401K, stock options, free on-site gym, and fun perks like summer BBQs.  ALK is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws, or any other protected factor. EOE/M/F/V/D"
b"Looking for the next step in your career? Enjoy a challenge? Do you have an ambition for innovation? Want to make a difference? If you join our growing global team, you\xe2\x80\x99ll be working for an industry leader with offices across five continents, in over 47 countries and more than 28 000 employees. You will work with some of the leading world brands across the Fortune 100 and Fortune 500 companies \xe2\x80\x93 who are all relying on Dimension Data to help them use the power of technology to achieve their ambition in this digital era.You\xe2\x80\x99ll be part of a team who\xe2\x80\x99s passionate about making a difference to the way technology shapes how we live and work \xe2\x80\x93 whether it\xe2\x80\x99s protecting the rhino, connecting the G20 Summit, or revolutionising cycling, giving you the opportunity to do great things.  You\xe2\x80\x99ll be joining a Global Top Employer, recognised for investing in talent because people are at the heart of our success. You provide the skills, passion and ideas, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide the platform to realise your ambitions.Great talent. Great teams. Great work. Great opportunities. Want to be part of our team?The Associate Service Delivery Manager is a senior individual in the Service Delivery Management team and takes responsibility for the delivery of services to one of Dimension Data\xe2\x80\x99s strategic, regional accounts whose operations span a regional geography and multiple Dimension Data Business Units.  The services that are managed include complex managed services to large programmes and Enterprise Services engagements. The Associate Service Delivery Manager has expert ability in ensuring a co-ordinated delivery of the service in multiple locations across the region involving at times different countries, cultures, people and technologies.What you'll be doing Ensure client satisfaction  The Associate Service Delivery Manager is equally responsible for client satisfaction by ensuring that services are delivered according to agreed Service Level Agreements (SLA) and other contractual obligations that are deemed necessary to the client. These obligations may reflect operational, commercial and legal obligations.  Maintain strategic direction  The Associate Service Delivery Manager is the highest \xe2\x80\x98aggregation\xe2\x80\x99 point insofar as delivered services are concerned and must maintain a holistic position to ensure full objectivity and impartiality, and maintain the region\xe2\x80\x99s strategic direction for the nominated account. The Associate Service Delivery Manager is a regional level position and as such a level of organisational awareness and maturity is paramount.  Establish relationships with clients  As the Associate Service Delivery Manager for a client, these employees establish excellent working relationships with the client representatives who also operate at a regional level within their business typically. Client experience and operational governance is their main objective. They maintain a coherent strategy for dealing with service delivery across the regional environment.  Manage the delivery of service  They advise on the management of the delivery of the service by establishing the relationship with the client, agreeing the points of interaction and escalation, managing the services budget and ensuring the continuous delivery of the service according to the SLA. They take accountability for management escalations and lead the service delivery managers through to a resolution that is satisfactory for the client and Dimension Data management.  Develop and maintain service excellence  The Associate Service Delivery Manager is accountable for ensuring that a culture of service management excellence is developed and maintained by the delivery team. They achieve this by demonstrating strong leadership qualities that support a strategic development approach to client engagement and operational delivery. They have a deep understanding of the client\xe2\x80\x99s business needs and technology strategy and the associated Dimension Data delivery model.  Facilitate the delivery of service  They facilitate the delivery of the service by establishing the \xe2\x80\x98Single Point of Contact\xe2\x80\x99 interface with the client and Services organisation, agreeing the points of interaction and escalation, participating in the services budget and ensuring the continuous delivery of the service according to the contractual commitments and expectations set.  In terms of ensuring service delivery they will, in collaboration with the appropriate Service Delivery Manager ensure that the correct remedial activities are undertaken to meet the quality requirements agreed with the client. These individuals align with the Service Delivery Management team and at times vendors, preferred partners and contractors in other regions, to ensure service delivery to the client in line with the contractual terms.  Identify risks to solution implementation  They ensure the identification of risks to delivery and drive the implementation of the appropriate solution to reduce the likelihood of escalations and/or delivery impact to the client. These individuals advise on and contribute to the implementation of delivery model improvements focused on optimisations that will be valuable to the client and Dimension Data. They have an intimate business relationship with the client and are in tune with what is happening in the client\xe2\x80\x99s environment operationally and at the client satisfaction level and provide management, sales and delivery teams with visibility of any priorities and risks.  Assist the Sales organisation  They use the close relationship with the client and assist the Sales organisation to identify opportunities to up sell services and to track other opportunities that may emerge. Their proximity to the client\xe2\x80\x99s environment enables them to contribute to pre-sales processes by providing insight into the client\xe2\x80\x99s organisation, determining the effort required to deliver and generally providing advice on the most optimal way to approach the client. They clearly understand and contribute to the Account Plan and look for and identify opportunities for growth within the assigned portfolio and work closely with the pre-sales and sales team to maximise opportunities. They contribute to raising the awareness of the competitive landscape for assigned portfolios and in collaboration with the sales teams the assist with the development of strategies to ensure account retention.  Resolve escalations  Problems and issues that cannot be resolved by delivery staff are escalated to the Associate Service Delivery Manager and they are expected to make necessary recommendations to the team and executive sponsors and take ownership of and drive resolution or further escalate these incidents. The Associate Service Delivery Manager may also act as the point of escalation for the client in certain circumstances  Build effective working relationships with internal stakeholders  These individuals are able to build effective working relationships with senior internal stakeholders involved in the account or portfolio of accounts. They advise on service improvement plans to resolve delivery challenges affecting assigned portfolios. They prepare for and chair the service review meetings, including the distribution of performance reports, meeting minutes and action registers. They instigate improvements within the service improvement plan and work closely with the relevant vendors to ensure the implementation of the actions agreed, monitoring service performance. They work closely with the Vendor management team to ensure that UC\xe2\x80\x99s with vendors are reviewed and established in line with client operational and SLA requirements. They ensure the accuracy and maintenance of client facing operating procedure manuals and ensure that these procedures deliver seamless service performance throughout all service delivery teams.  Act as an ambassador  Given the complexity of regional services and the need to foster closer, positive relationships, there is an expectation that the Associate Service Delivery Manager will travel extensively to attend business reviews and client meetings as an ambassador of Dimension Data\xe2\x80\x99s Services business.  Behavioural skills  As a good corporate citizen, the Associate Service Delivery Manager is required to communicate with competence, operate well in a team environment and display attention to detail. They have well developed leadership skills and have excellent strategic thinking ability. Associate Service Delivery Managers set an example to their staff in terms of client focus and service orientation and they are expected to drive for client satisfaction. These individuals continuously identify mechanisms for improved service delivery, ensuring incorporation in the service delivery strategy. Required Work Experience: 8 \xe2\x80\x93 10 years\xe2\x80\x99 work experience,  At least 8 years\xe2\x80\x99 work experience relevant to the field What would make you a good fit for this role?Join our growing global team and accelerate your career with Dimension Data. Apply today.Diversity in Dimension Data Dimension Data is an equal opportunity employer with a global culture that embraces diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be unfairly discriminated against on any arbitrary ground including race, colour, sex, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or other protected category."
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... You will be responsible for developing and implementing marketing strategy and programs to drive subscriber growth of Verizon\xe2\x80\x99s broadband, TV and voice products. Individual will be responsible for creating and leading promotional strategy and marketing programs to increase penetration and drive market share. Lead efforts to analyze program performance and leverage key data and customer insights to optimize existing programs and drive new strategies for subscriber growth.Lead efforts to develop promotional offers and strategies to address customer pain points and increase adoption of broadband, TV and voice products.Relentlessly drive growth through creative thinking, test-and-learn methodology, and rapid execution.Lead cross functional teams to ensure marketing strategies and programs are delivered on time and drive desired outcome.Quickly assess and anticipate market trends, competitive shifts and adopt strategies to drive optimal performance.Secure support of leadership and cross functional teams to execute recommended strategies.What we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Marketing experience. Even better if you have: A degree.Proven ability to derive, synthesize and apply findings to business problems to lift sales, revenue and margins.Analytical and problem solving skills.Strong quantitative skills and comfortable in data driven business environment.Ability to use creative thinking in a fast paced, results-driven environment.Ability to influence and lead teams to deliver against complex initiatives.Financial Acumen.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Project Management experience \xe2\x80\x93 ability to manage a large number of simultaneous tasks and keep deliverables on schedule.When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b'Essential Duties and Responsibilities: The Assistant General Manager\xe2\x80\x99s role (AGM) is to provide uncompromised excellence at all times, making the Guest and the Bar-B-Que the heart and passion of all they do. The AGM shares responsibility with the Managing Partner for the total operations by building sales, managing profit and loss, hiring/training of all Team Members, daily execution of safety/sanitation, quality food preparation and guest service. The AGM demonstrates a consistent track record of both positive business results and effective, sustained leadership that contributes to the brand\xe2\x80\x99s success. The AGM upholds all company policies, procedures and standards through their team of Managers and Team Members. They are responsible for formulating plans to meet budgets, new initiatives and the development of their Team; as well as maintain existing standards.Uncompromised Excellence is trained and modeled within the restaurant to ensure the flawless and passionate execution of every detail on every shift, by every team member to ensure we exceed guest expectations at all times.Resolution oriented- protects company assets; prevent/diffuse situations that create potential risks to the organization.Exercise good judgment and decision making in escalating concerns and aggressively resolving any issues timely.Manage day to day operations during scheduled shifts that include daily decision making, Team Member support, Guest interaction, scheduling, planning while upholding standards, product quality and cleanliness.Proactively organizes and plans work anticipating the ever- changing needs of the business.Responsible for appropriately communicating to Managing Partner and Director of Operations on a regular basis. This includes: daily accountability of restaurant sales, actions taken on projects, progress on company initiatives, situations discussed in Manager meetings, Guest comments, restaurant staffing and labor, Manager in Development performance and financial results.Communicates effectively with the entire Team.Ensures Team Member and Manager schedules support the positive performance of the restaurant by verifying the right people in place and par levels are scheduled according to PLOT forecasts.Uses Developmental Action Plans and coaching to develop those under him/her to become better Team Members.Ensures service standards are maintained consistently.Ensures food and beverage standards are maintained consistently. Conducts line checks consistently.Ensure adherence with Company cash handling policies and procedures.Effectively utilizes all communication tools: email, written correspondence and pre- shift notes.Responsible for compliance with OSHA, local health and safety codes as well as Company safety and security policies. Emphasize safety, sanitation, and security awareness, and ensure that Team Members are properly trained to create a safe work environment.Verifies all daily administration is carried out according to deadlines, policy and standards.Attends Manager Meetings weekly with an agenda and time allotted for discussion.Communicates effectively with vendors, addressing concerns as needed.Ensures all Team Member information \xe2\x80\x93 File Folders, Employee Records and signed documentation meets company policy.Provides direction, coaching and leadership for all Team Members including training, standards, safety and sanitation, and company policies and procedures.Responsible for the selection, on boarding and retention of Team Members through motivation, recognition coaching and development.Conducts new hire orientations and submits paperwork timely to HR/Payroll departments.Promotes sales building behaviors with Managers and Team Members.Assists MP in the accountability for the financial performance of the restaurant.Other duties as assigned.Education and/or Work Experience Requirements: High school diploma, or general equivalency diploma (GED);Some college preferredTwo - four years of high volume shift lead or manager in a Full-service restaurant experience preferred.Knowledge/ Skills/ AbilitiesExceptional leadership and motivational skills required. Must be able to attract, train, develop and retain the very best Team Members in the industry.Exceptionally strong Guest focus mentality, with the ability to provide an exceptional dining experience for each Guest.Ability to define, measure and attain stretch financial goals for the restaurant \xe2\x80\x93 with a focus on year-over-year sales growth, Guest count increases, effective staffing levels, great service, add-on sales, and labor cost management.Physical Requirements: Ability to sit or stand for long periods of time and work in a restaurant environment.Ability to lift at least 50 pounds.While performing the duties of the Manager, they are regularly required to stand and walk; talk or hear, in person and use hands repetitively to finger, handle, feel or operate kitchen equipment and other standard office equipment; reach with hands and arms; bend, kneel and crouch and climb.NOTE: Dinosaur BBQ\xc2\xae reserves the right to revise or change the position plan as the need arises. This position plan is not all inclusive of total job responsibilities nor does it constitute a written or implied contract of employment.Dinosaur BBQ\xc2\xae is an Equal Opportunity Employer.'
b' Piscataway, NJ  Provident Bank, a multi-billion dollar New Jersey based bank, is looking for a talented Bank Associate I to work on our North West Travel Team to help promote our commitment to providing excellent customer service. With your commitment in the Bank Associate role, Provident Bank can help you develop in your career and climb the ladder of success! ***This position will be PART-TIME and based in Piscataway, but you will be required to travel to all our branches in Middlesex & SomersetCounties*** POSITION SUMMARY The Bank Associate I responds to customers\xe2\x80\x99 needs by processing a variety of financial transactions including check cashing, withdrawals, deposits, and loan payments.  This position is responsible for managing and balancing a cash drawer, preparing daily paperwork according to branch procedures, and directing the customer to other banking services, bank personnel and cross-selling. Responsibilities include customer experience behaviors (greeting and thanking customer, using their name etc.), lobby management, and assisting the banking center supervisor with Teller line and end of day functions. Works under the supervision of regional management. MAJOR JOB RESPONSIBILITIES \xe2\x80\x93Opens and/or closes BranchResearches errors in deposits and withdrawals; consults with supervisor for more complex issuesAssists with daily Branch proofing tasks including ATM and VaultMay buy and sell cash from vault & TCRProcesses official checksParticipates in both internal and external sales activities including community and networking eventsSupports and adheres to branch operation standards; accurately and efficiently completes all paperwork, disclosures and conditionsEnsures compliance with policies and procedures as requiredPrepares and/or completes CTR/SAR form on appropriate transactionsMust be able to work a flexible hourly schedule as requestedMay be asked to travel to other locations / branchesMust present a professional imageProvides access to safe deposit boxesAssists in training other branch personnelPerform other duties as requiredSUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIESNoneSKILLSGood interpersonal skills, including listening, written and verbal communicationAbility to work with a wide variety of personalities in a courteous and professional mannerSolid math and analytical skillsAbility to understand and follow safety and security practicesGood relationship building skillsAbility (strong) to build relationships through consultative conversations and to identify customer needs and translate those needs to sales opportunitiesStrong customer service/advocacy skillsGood organizational and time management skillsGood PC skills; and the ability to quickly learn other computer programs, including Microsoft officeEDUCATIONHigh school diploma or GEDWORK EXPERIENCE6 months - 2 years in a retail sales/service environment preferredLICENSES AND/OR CERTIFICATESNoneWORKING CONDITIONS Work is mainly performed under general office conditions in a retail-banking establishment. Willing and able to work required overtime. Willing and able to travel to other locations/branches. Must be flexible and demonstrate the ability to adapt to new job locations and reassignments as directed. HAZARDS Those present in a retail-banking establishment. In the course of working with customers, the employee may encounter abusive, aggressive or unpredicted threatening behavior. Must observe safety and security practices at the Branch.  This job description may not be all-inclusive. Employees are expected to perform other duties as assigned and directed by management. Job descriptions and duties may be modified when deemed appropriate by management. Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, Individuals with Disabilities and LGBT'
b'Who is Nestl\xc3\xa9 Waters? You know us primarily in as but we are so much more than that. Our water brands include Nestl\xc3\xa9 Pure Life, S. Pellegrino, Perrier and Acqua Panna, as well as 5 other regional spring water brands across the US. Our tea brand is Nestea. Our healthy hydration portfolio keeps hydrated and on the move. Our people are one of our biggest elements of our success. We are passionate about customer service, safety and environmental stewardship. Its what makes us tick.We figure that you knew all of that. Heres some things that you might not have known about us: our ReadyRefresh by Nestl\xc3\xa9 business is changing how people buy water and tea. Customers place orders from the comfort of their pajamas on their laptops or phones, and then delicious bottles of water or tea arrive at their doors, delivered by our army of ReadyRefresh Service Representatives (RSRs). We are super passionate about customer service. Each stop that one of our RSRs makes is a chance to delight our customers. Our RSRs develop relationships with the folks who get our products delivered to their homes or small businesses. Something else you might not know about ReadyRefresh is that we are a fiercely proud group. Not only are we proud to be a part of the Nestle family, we are proud to be leading the way in safety and team work.QualificationsWe are looking to add to our troop of RSRs. What does that mean to you and what will you need?Youll need a clean driving record.You need to be able to work in all kinds of weather while working out on your own with limited supervision.Servicing our customers is hard work, and you will need to be able to climb in and out of the truck and carry product that can weigh up to 45 pounds. You will get way more than your recommended 10,000 steps in a day, with plenty of water to keep you hydrated during the day.You must have the ability to obtain a DOT medical card for the purpose of working for Nestle WatersMost importantly, you need to have a professional image and demeanor. Well provide the cool uniform and truck.Other important stuff to know:A clean driving record means in the last 3 years, that youve only had 1 license, no driving-related suspension, revocation or cancellation, no disqualifying offenses, no more than 2 moving violations and no reckless driving incidents and in the last 7 years, no major driving offenses including DUI/DWI, refusal to test, leaving the scene, driving a commercial vehicle without a CDL, or at-fault fatal accident.Must be 21 years of age or older (DOT requirement)You can see additional details by reading our infographic, found here: https://goo.gl/sIu0Rq.You can also watch a short video about our RSRs here: http://bit.ly/28YqURk.Nestl\xc3\xa9 Waters North America is the nations leading bottled water company. With working for the worlds largest health, wellness and nutrition company comes exactly the kind of benefits youd expect: youll receive a competitive total rewards package something that will provide you with the support you need to thrive both inside and outside of work. Its not just the work that youll find fulfilling here though. As you build a career with us, youll receive outstanding support from a leading name in healthy hydration.The only question is, what elements will help you succeed at Nestl\xc3\xa9 Waters?The Nestl\xc3\xa9 Companies are equal employment and affirmative action employers and looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Shoppes at Flemington  100 Reaville Ave Ste 101  Flemington, NJ 08822 '

b'*Job Description:** Here at Dow Jones we are looking for a **Customer Service Associate** . We are looking for someone who has a passion for helping people, and truly has a can-do attitude. We are offering a career with a recognized leader in the world of global news and business information. This is an opportunity to be a part of a multinational organization that focuses on its people. Dow Jones is searching for candidates who want to work within our Global Customer Service team to learn and grow from this position. *Key Responsibilities:** + Provide high-level telephone and e-support on Dow Jones suite of products and services by answering our global customer queries concerning billing/account administration, pricing, content, product navigation, and delivery  + Retain Dow Jones customers and increase customer loyalty while projecting a professional, efficient and positive approach  + Ensure all opportunities for retention and cross-selling are identified and maximized  + Strong ability to overcome objections and enthusiastically resolve customers\'\' concerns while consistently providing superior levels of customer service  + Ensure all relevant procedures are followed from beginning to resolution  + Must meet retention goals set by the company and ensure all key performance key indicators are met  + Actively seek out opportunities for self-improvement, keeping up with new product trainings and process knowledge  + Make independent decisions to resolve customer issues with strong problem solving and negotiation skills  + Work with other Dow Jones departments to ensure escalated issues are handled timely and correctly *Requirements:** + Superior verbal and written communication skills with the ability to quickly establish trust and reliability over the phone  + Ability to listen, empathize, and effectively handle challenging customers in a professional and pleasant manner  + Sound judgement and a commitment to customer satisfaction with the ability to build and develop relationships to identify problems, assess needs, and find solutions  + Ability to maintain a positive attitude in an often busy and intense environment  + Strong aptitude and desire to learn new technical systems and applications  + Proficiency with Microsoft Office and web browsing  + Attention to detail and the ability to prioritize and meet deadlines  + Ability to follow a large set of procedural guidelines to a very high accuracy level and adjust to changes when required  + Positive outlook on change and flexible approach to team-based work environment and structure  + Desire to grow with the company  + College degree preferred *Dow Jones** , Making Careers Newsworthy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. **EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets** .  Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us via email . Please put Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line.  Business Area: CUSTOMER ENGINE *About Us** Dow Jones is a global provider of news and business information, delivering content to consumers and organizations around the world across multiple formats, including print, digital, mobile and live events. Dow Jones has produced unrivaled quality content for more than 125 years and today has one of the worlds largest news gathering operations globally. It produces leading publications and products including the flagship Wall Street Journal, Americas largest newspaper by paid circulation; Factiva, Barrons, MarketWatch, Financial News, DJX, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance, Dow Jones Newswires, and Dow Jones VentureSource.Dow Jones is a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV).  If you require assistance in completing the online application, please contact the Talent Management team for Application Help at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com'
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 15\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. RECEIVING CLERK Receiving Clerks are responsible for processing paperwork for merchandise received at the club and reviewing paperwork for completeness. Additional responsibilities include but not limited to: Data entering informationFollowing up on discrepanciesRequirementsStrong organizational skills and an attention to detail requiredBasic computer skills preferredPrior receiving experience helpfulMinimum Age Requirements: Must be at least 18 years of age  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b' Supplemental Health Care is a nationally recognized healthcare staffing provider partnering with a 583-bed hospital facility in Livingston, NJ to provide a travel CVICU RN. About the Facility:Major Teaching HospitalAbout the Position: We are seeking a Travel CVICU Registered Nurse for the night position, 7p-8a. The RN will be responsible for collaborating with the physician and healthcare team in the delivery of patient care, utilizing the nursing process to facilitate the delivery of patient care.  Please contact me today to hear more about this position and all of the advantages Supplemental Health Care has to offer.  Gary Jones (716) 222-9737 gjones@Supplementalhealthcare.com'
b' ABC Supply, the nation\xe2\x80\x99s largest distributor of exterior building products, is seeking a motivated Delivery Material Handler to join its team. ABC Supply has been the recipient of the Gallup Great Workplace Award for 11 consecutive years and is proud to be an employee-first company.  In this role, you will assist with the safe and accurate handling of building materials from the warehouse to the delivery location. These deliveries include both ground and rooftop unloading. For rooftop deliveries, you will physically work on rooftops to complete the job. Specific duties may include:Loading and unloading delivery vehiclesAssisting with loading products onto rooftopsAssisting in maneuvering delivery vehiclesDelivering product in non-CDL required vehiclesProviding superior customer serviceDouble checking all loads for accuracy and ensuring that they are thoroughly secured for deliveryProviding warehouse support as neededPerforming all duties safelySpecific qualifications include:Ability to repeatedly lift products weighing 75-100 lbsAbility to stand, bend, twist, and climb ladders throughout complete shiftForklift experience preferred (we will train if necessary)Ability and willingness to work on rooftopsPositive attitude and team playerAdhering to all safety policies, including wearing safety harness and other required equipmentBenefits may include:Health, dental, and vision coverageEmployer paid life insurance401(k) with generous company matchFlex spendingPaid time offPaid holidaysEqual Opportunity Employer / Drug Free Workplace'
b"General Job PostingJob Location Edison - Edison, NJPosition Type Full TimeJob Shift DayDescriptionC+A Global is a leading international manufacturer based in Central New Jersey, who is the supplier of thousands of cool and unique electronics, cameras, photography equipment and accessories in the consumer marketplace. C+A Global owns and operates its own stores and online imaging business, RitzPix. It has the exclusive licenses of private brands such as Polaroid, Zink, Skymall, Ivation and LyxPro just to name a few! With our outstanding, award-winning products being released every year, our brands attract the attention of well-known media outlets such as the Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Today Show, and The New York Times! Our company continues to expand in growth and as one of the world's largest and most diverse online retailers we are excited to create new opportunities for job seekers!  We thank you for your interest in becoming a member of the C+A Global family.  If you don\xe2\x80\x99t see an exact job match to your qualifications, we encourage you to submit your resume here.  We\xe2\x80\x99re growing so fast and your career here may start sooner than you think!  If we feel you are an ideal match for new job opening we will review your application.  Thank you for applying!Qualifications"
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. FRONT DOOR ASSET PROTECTION Front Door Asset Protection are responsible for making a positive and member friendly first and last impression on Club Members while monitoring exit and entrance activity. Additional responsibilities include but not limited to: Reviewing register receipts to cross check items and verify high ticket itemsRecording register transaction discrepanciesResponding to EAS alarmsHandling member inquiries and/or concernsIssuing water jug vouchersRequirements: Strong interpersonal skills and an attention to detail required Minimum Age Requirements:  Must be at least 18 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b'Job DescriptionMerchandising Execution Associates:All Merchandising Execution Associates (MEAs) perform in-store merchandising service activities such as merchandising projects, planogram maintenance, overhead organization, and display/signage maintenance designed to enhance the customer experience. MEAs execute merchandising strategies and ensure products are displayed correctly to drive sales. MEAs work in teams, with on-site supervision and provide service to multiple departments in the store. Their focus is on general bay service, projects and product resets while always keeping safety, accuracy and efficiency at the forefront. MEAs build and maintain strong relationships with store associates and provide superior customer service to both internal and external customers.  Typical schedule is Monday-Friday, No Weekends  Full Time and Part Time positionsDay Team Merchandising Execution Associates (MEAs)spend approximately 80% of their time conducting general bay service or maintenance, ensuring that the products are stocked and properly merchandised to provide the customer the best possible shopping experience. Typically, 20% of their time is spent executing special projects designed to improve how products are displayed to the customer and to our suppliers needs.  Typical schedule is Monday - Friday and typically service a single store location.  Full Time and Part Time positionsNight Team Merchandising Execution Associate(MEAs)spend approximately 80% of their time executing specific projects that introduce new items and conducting category resets to enhance the customer experience. Typically, 20% of their time is spent building displays and fixtures while utilizing basic hand tools in addition to refreshing display material/signage/brochures. Some general bay maintenance will occasionally be required. Night MEAs may be on a traveling team typically service multiple stores typically within a 30-mile radius. Mileage reimbursement is available for travel positions and must have reliable transportation with a valid drivers license and insurance.  Typical schedule is Monday- Thursday, 10 hour shifts  Full Time and Part time positionMerchandising Services Specialists: Merchandising Services Specialists are responsible for implementing company standards for appearance and arrangement and ordering of merchandise. Plans and coordinates merchandise flow-through. Responsible for servicing and maintaining all assigned locations according to a set weekly visitation schedule.  Typical schedule is Monday - Friday  Full Time and Part Time positions'
b" We are accepting resumes for a State and Local Tax (SALT)  professional looking for a public accounting firm that would provide them  with a partnership track while encouraging a work/life balance. The  candidate will be working in our rapidly growing SALT group working out of any  of our offices.  Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  - reviewing  state tax returns,- research  and draft memorandums involving multi-state nexus, sales tax and other state and local issues, manage state tax examinations; and audits and assisting with state and local tax consulting projects.To qualify, you must have a Bachelor's degree in  Accounting with a CPA license or JD with a minimum of 5+ years of experience  working in the tax department of a public accounting firm. Must have  strong written and verbal communication skills; ability to work effectively  with all levels of staff, both independently and as part of a team. Must  have exposure to various state and local tax issues.  WithumSmith+Brown offers a  competitive salary and benefits package which includes medical, prescription,  dental, life and long term care insurances as well as long term disability and  life insurance; many training and development opportunities through Withum  University which offers an extensive on-line learning library and firm  sponsored CPE courses. Outstanding advancement opportunities and a great work  environment.  WithumSmith+Brown is an equal  opportunity employer- EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability. Qualified applicants  will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color,  religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status or disability."
b' OverviewBeing an Architect Takes Good "Vision." And, We Want to "See" You Right Away Headquartered in central New Jersey, Edgewood Properties ("Edgewood" or the "Company") is a leading real estate development and property management company with several million square feet of retail/commercial space, over 3,000 apartments and various for sale communities, existing and/or under construction throughout New Jersey.  Given ongoing construction and development plans, our current apartment portfolio of 3,000 plus units is expected to double in the next couple of years and rise to over 10,000 units in the next five years. Given our rapid portfolio growth, coupled with ownership\'s desire to develop and hold rather than sell, the timing is ideal for qualified candidates to come onboard.  Edgewood is currently seeking an experienced Sr Architect Project Managerto be responsible for working with the design team to progress schematic designs into design development and construction documents.ResponsibilitiesJob Responsibilities: Manage Architectural Interns / CAD Design team members.Manage multiple projects simultaneously.7 - 10 years of experience in low to midrise multifamily/mixed use projectsResponsible for entire architectural process, including preparation, coordination & review of construction drawings for completeness and accuracy.Strong knowledge of architectural assemblies, mechanical, electrical & plumbing components and systems.Review and give feedback on schematic designs from the design team with regard to building code compliance, ease of construction and construction budget.Responsible for maintaining project schedules and deadlines.Prepares and/or assists in reviewing requests for proposals from consultants.Perform full construction administration duties to ensure construction work is in compliance with construction documents.Attend Monday night construction meetings as needed. QualificationsThe successful candidate will have a thorough knowledge of the construction document process is required, including knowledge of building codes, construction detailing, project specifications and coordination with structural, mechanical and electrical design consultants. Experience with construction administration processes and procedures are necessary, including shop drawings and submittal review, processing requests for information and construction clarifications. Organizational skills, time management, efficiency and accuracy are important characteristics for this position. Direct report is to the Director of Architectural Services.  Job Qualifications: Bachelor of Architecture and a minimum of seven to ten years related experience in low to midrise multi-family, retail and mixed use design.Architecture and project manager experience.Building code experience, including ADA.Proficiency with Autocad 2013, Word, Excel and ResCheck / ComCheck. In return, we offer competitive compensation, along with comprehensive benefits, including medical and dental and vision benefits, life insurance, a 401(k) and a corporate team environment. For immediate consideration, please apply online or email your resume with salary requirements directly to our Human Resources Dept. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.'
b" Job Description:About Our Company Building on 30 years of experience as a pricing intelligence pioneer, RetailData equips retailers to win consumers and drive growth. We fuel retailer strategy and systems with timely and accurate data insight and unparalleled pricing expertise. Our clients benefit from omni-channel, normalized, and actionable pricing intelligence at massive scale. Our pricing intelligence informs decision-making and on-target pricing strategy to maximize business impact. About the Job We are currently looking for a District Manager in the East Brunswick/Middlesex County area. This position is responsible for managing the specialized work performed by Data Collectors to ensure satisfactory completion of client requirements. The territory for this area will be New Jersey. Territories are subject to change based on business needs.  This position offers: Medical and Dental CoverageVoluntary Short Term and Long Term DisabilityLife Insurance401K (after 750 hours and 6 months of service)Employee Stock Purchase Program (after 1 year of service)Flexible Spending (FSA) ProgramPaid Time OffPaid Holidays/Floating HolidaysEmployee Assistance Program (EAP)Essential FunctionsEffectively works with Client Services Team, Logistics Team and Data Collectors to be solutions-focused with the overall goal of client satisfaction.Responsible for understanding all internal processes and making recommendations for improvement.Assumes responsibility for all District outcomes and results.Provides timely updates to the client service organization regarding any potential issues on audit delivery, timing, completeness or accuracy.Responsible for the training and on-going development of Data Collectors in District, including training on basic handheld operation, understanding client collection criteria and how to complete all check types. Retrains existing Data Collectors when needed.Responsible for maintaining appropriate staff levels of Data Collectors to complete clients' schedule (including ad hoc special projects) without incurring significant labor costs such as overtime, drive time, and mileage.Interviews potential candidates, makes final hiring decisions and trains new Data Collectors.Schedules re-audits to ensure integrity of data collected in District.Responsible for scheduling work for all Data Collectors in District and meeting labor requirements for special/ad hoc requests.Develops and maintains good working relationships with client in-store personnel and works to protect the reputation of the company.Responsible for traveling to local areas within the assigned District to develop and maintain good working relationships with Data Collector staff.Responsible for motivating and engaging Data Collectors through telephone, email, and in-person discussions.Responsible for ensuring that weekly/monthly/quarterly/yearly schedules and metrics are met.Follows up with Data Collectors and enters notes on job monitor for all late or pending audits.Manages Data Collector performance by providing regular feedback, coaching and takes corrective action when needed.Responsible for working closely with administrative departments within the organization and ensuring all policies and procedures are administered and followed.Troubleshoots handheld problems, when possible.Performs all Data Collector functions and responsibilities when needed.Qualifications The successful candidate will be a self-starter who likes to work independently and enjoys a challenge. A Bachelor's degree in Business Management or other related field; and a minimum of 5 years operational and supervisory experience; or an equivalent combination of education and experience required. Valid unsuspended driver's license, satisfactory driving record, reliable transportation and valid automobile insurance required.  To apply, please visit www.retaildatallc.com/careers.  **No 3rd Party Recruiters** If you are interested in this position, please apply to RetailData directly.  EOE"
b' We have an opening for a Full Time Lead Toddler Teacher.  Must reside within 10 miles of Princeton Junction, NJ.  The classroom has a multi-age group 18 Months- 3 years(typical for a Montessori).  The candidate should have the following qualifications:  - At least 3 years of experience in a toddler class  -Experience of preparing weekly lesson plans  -Capable of delegating tasks to assistants and overseeing their performance  -Flexible in multi-tasking  -Good communicator  -Good writing skills for Newsletter etc.  -Tech savy  We offer good salary and benefits for the right candidate.'
b"Job Location: Old Bridge, NJ*Must be willing to reside in Old Bridge, Freehold or East Brunswick, NJSummary The Retail Sales Representative will ensure flawless execution of store level sales and promotion plans with customer retailers in assigned territory. The territory consists of high volume food chain grocers and mass merchandiser customers. The RSR masters retail execution plans by driving incremental sales, implementing and maintaining best-in-class promotional and merchandising strategies, and ensuring 100% distribution on authorized Hershey items across all classes of trade. ResponsibilitiesDrive Customer Points of Sale through Consultative Business PartneringCustomer Relationship Development and Management: Build and maintain consultative business relationships with customer Key Decision Makers (KDMs) at all levels. Partner with KDMs to develop and execute a detailed action plan to increase and improve sales results within their stores based on sales analytics and best practices. Cultivate a network of influential contacts at all levels of internal and external customers to achieve sales objectives within assigned territory. Use strategic relationship with KDMs to influence and negotiate customers assistance in the merchandising of Hershey products. Data Analysis and Sales Call Preparation: Prepare for retail sales calls by obtaining and analyzing relevant store, product and market data and creating effective selling tools and presentations for KDM delivery during call. Utilize and complete pre-call planning methods and other company tools. Review and make recommendations to the District sales manager to modify routes that maximize business efficiencies for all sales calls within territory. Sales: Engage in forward selling utilizing consultative sales techniques of predetermined customer sales plans with store and market KDMs in every retail sales call, using provided data sources, technology, processes and procedures. Maximize sales and display opportunities by conducting store walk-throughs and gaining commitment by KDMs on successful outcomes. Tailor selling and consultative strategies to influence KDMs to order additional products to increase incremental sales and to obtain best in class quality of merchandising locations of promotional products. Merchandising Achieve all merchandising objectives executing customer specific promotional plans through the effective use of forward selling and maintaining permanent secondary displays and other display vehicles established within the Retail Execution Plan. Insure new items are placed on the shelf and out of stocks are addressed and corrected in every call. Administrative Responsibilities Complete and submit electronic and/or written reports of daily and weekly activities, expenses, competitive activity, account changes, promotions and all administrative functions within assigned territory using company approved methods and technology Strategy Development & Process Improvement Develop and recommend strategies aimed to improve the overall effectiveness of the territory, district and/or area business activities. As requested, drive advocate partnerships within the assigned category. *This is a non-exhaustive list of duties, as some RSRs may perform additional or different duties depending on, among other things, their education, work experience, assigned supervisor, personal preferences, customers, territory, and other factors. Moreover, depending on these and other factors, different RSRs may devote more or less time to any given responsibility.Qualifications Education and Experience: Bachelors Degree Preferred. Bachelors Degree or HS Diploma/GED and 3 or more years recent sales or customer service experience required. Minimum knowledge, skills and abilities required to successfully perform major duties/responsibilities: \xe2\x80\xa2 Must have a valid US state issued drivers license Must reside within territory boundariesMust be able to drive long distances to make multiple sales calls on a daily basisMust be able to work occasional weekends and overnight stays as required by the territoryMust be able to lift 10-40 lbs. on a regular basis with or without reasonable accommodationsMust be able to bend, kneel, stoop down and demonstrate manual dexterity on a frequent basis with or without reasonable accommodationsMust be able to use tablet technology; some roles will require an intermediate level of computer skills with the Microsoft Office productsMust have daily access to wireless internetMust have flexibility and adaptability to changes in territory coverage  The Hershey Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The policy of The Hershey Company is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's race, color, gender, age, national origin, religion, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other categories protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.  The Hershey Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minority/Female/Disabled/Protected Veterans"
b' Provides a high level of support services for the professional nursing staff and the routine functions of patient care under the direction of the professional nurse.# Requires a high school diploma or equivalent. Two years of college and six months experience or Bachelors degree in lieu of experience preferred. College study focus in psychology, sociology, nursing or related field or equivalent education. All positions include an every other weekend work requirement.# 18:45-7:15 Week 1: Tuesday, Wednesday, Saturday Week 2: Sunday, Thursday, Friday'
b' Maser Consulting is seeking a Project Manager who can provide design and construction administration of water and wastewater projects. There will also be a requirement to manage, direct, and supervise the work efforts of assigned staff and coordinate the technical and managerial direction provided by Management regarding scope, schedule, quality and budget of projects. Prepare effective work plans and man-hour budgets for approval by Department Manager.Monitor time schedules and capital cost budgets on projects to satisfy the client as well as control work and productivity.Responsible for the quality control/quality assurance process for assigned water and wastewater design projects.Oversee the work and productivity on assigned projects.Strive to achieve predetermined goals for profit, productivity targets, and schedule of deliverables.Develop, coordinate, and execute engineering methods for water and wastewater designs.Regular contact with professional engineering consultants, governmental agencies, involved communities and contractors in connection with the planning, design, and permitting of water and wastewater projects.Preparation of engineering calculations, plans, specifications, technical papers, and permit applications for water and wastewater pipe, pumping, and treatment facilities.Responsible for planning, designing and providing guidance in the development of water supply, transmission, and distribution projects. Develops and reviews conceptual drawings related to infrastructure design.Develops and reviews construction documents and specifications.Responsible for studies, preparing designs, and contract documents for wastewater and water supply infrastructure projects.Review of utility connection applications for municipal and utility authority clients.Bachelor of Science degree in environmental engineering, or civil engineering.PE license is required.5-10 years of experience in the civil/environmental engineering field with concentration in water/wastewater design.Experience with AutoCAD is desired.Excellent communication skills and ability to interact with clients.'
b" ResponsibilitiesAs a massage therapist at the Massage Envy Berkeley Heights franchised location,* essential duties include performing professional quality massage within scope of practice and licensing (as applicable) and in alignment with policies and protocols, utilizing approved modalities, in accordance with applicable law in your franchised location, designing specific sessions based on member\xe2\x80\x99s/guest\xe2\x80\x99s individual needs, and upholding the Massage Envy brand's core values of optimism, gratitude, excellence, consistency and empathy. Additional responsibilities include:Perform professional quality massage, within scope of practice and licensing (as applicable).Must follow all Massage Envy policies and protocols.Assists in the cleanliness of the location (therapy rooms and common areas).Utilizes Massage Envy approved modalities, in accordance with applicable law in your location.If performing hot stone, deep muscle or prenatal therapy, must have appropriate training and satisfy the minimum clinic education hours.Maintain professional appearance at all times.Design specific sessions based on member\xe2\x80\x99s/guest\xe2\x80\x99s individual needs.Assists in the promotion of the health and wellness benefits to clients receiving massage therapy on a regular basis; communicates various promotions to clients.Creates excellent member/guest experience through friendly and helpful attitude.Reliable, on time attendance. Attends all scheduled shifts, is prompt to work and works entire scheduled shift.Completes Wellness Chart documentation accurately and completely.Other duties as assigned.Compensation and Benefits:Excellent yearly income potential!$$ Generous Sign on Bonus Promotion! $$Competitive commissions and gratuity.FREE CEU courses and continuing training.Health/Vision/Dental/Disability insurance for Full Time employees.401K for Full Time employees.Discounted services and retail products.Lucrative Referral Program we will pay you $250 when you refer another therapist!QualificationsQualificationsEducation, Skills and Training:Minimum of 500 hours of massage therapy school and a certificate of completion.Participates in continuing education to improve effectiveness (preferred).Satisfactory results of background and reference check is a condition of employment in this position.Must adhere to all applicable local and state licensing laws and regulations related to the massage therapy services provided, including following any applicable law pertaining to maintaining current Massage License.Knowledge of and experience in performing Swedish and Deep Tissue Massage required, as well as knowledge of and experience in performing other modalities offered by Massage Envy.Understands and believes in the healing benefits of massage therapy and bodywork.Communications and Personal Interactions:Have a strong customer service orientation.Possess the ability to communicate effectively (orally and written) and in a courteous and professional manner on a regular basis with members, guests, co-workers and management.Maintain client confidentiality.Our Massage Envy in the Berkeley Heights New Jersey area is owned and operated by a local family who want to see their Massage Therapists succeed in their chosen profession.We always welcome new talent. If you'd like to explore Massage Envy careers at the Berkeley Heights location please contact the hiring manager of Massage Envy Berkeley Heights at 201-401-5181. We are happy to discuss other temporary roles such as a Stretch Service Provider while you are waiting to obtain your licensure!"
b" OverviewThe M&R Supervisor handles compliance and control of M&R programs, repairs and recommended services of both depot and pool chassis at Metro NY/NJ and various rail ramp locations. Work with terminal staff and M&R vendors to provide our customers with safe, reliable equipment, in full compliance with all regulations.ResponsibilitiesRepair authorizations & budget management: Perform pre, during and post repair quality control inspections of chassis. Perform required vendor audits, reports, measure progress and follow-up at Metro Pool and other locations as dispatched including the depots on a timely basis.  Use of hand held and mobile technology in the performance of the day to day duties.  Reduce costs by constantly reviewing estimates for efficient repairs, correct tariff times, parts pricing and repair procedures.  Daily review and address any contractual repair requirements such as but not limited to: CSX bad order over 10 day requirement. Facilitate repair or repositioning of any equipment in bad order status.  Accurately determine and submit terminal claims for chassis damages.  Inventory management: interact with operations department in the repositioning and control as required to maintain proper inventory levels.  Oversee and manage tire, warrantee and any other corporate programs at assigned pools and depots and in conjunction with staff personnel.  Reviewing and approve repair invoices via EDI and manually where appropriate.  Maintain daily and/or weekly operational reports designed to manage and illustrate pace of repairs.  Oversee on and off-hire surveys of chassis, verification of customer hired surveyors\xe2\x80\x99 results and/or joint inspections with customer supplied surveyors.  Oversee and help further control scrap program at depots.QualificationsMinimum 2 years Intermodal experience and knowledge of industry with an understanding of maintenance requirements for intermodal equipment  IICL Chassis certification a plus  Must have a valid driver\xe2\x80\x99s license, and pass a background check  Must be able to perform \xe2\x80\x9cwalk-around\xe2\x80\x9d inspection of chassis, as well as using a crawler to check brakes and axles  Must be able to lift and move truck tires  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills  Proficient with Microsoft Office (Word and Excel)  Flexibility to quickly adapt to change  Ability to excel in a fast paced and dynamic work environment  Excellent attention to detail  Must be able to multi-task and work independently as well as contribute to the overall success of the team  Must comply with OSHA regulations and specific location safety policies and procedures.More About UsAre you looking for a career with an industry leader? Have big ideas that deserve to be heard? A career at TRAC offers a rewarding opportunity to be part of a growing, evolving and ever-improving organization. TRAC Intermodal is North America\xe2\x80\x99s leading intermodal transportation equipment provider and chassis pool manager serving domestic and international shippers. The company's operations include long-term leasing and short-term rentals of approximately 278,000 chassis in our fleet. We also provide pool/fleet management services and are a leader in providing chassis solutions to the intermodal industry that are designed to increase supply chain efficiency, control costs and promote safety. Based in Princeton New Jersey, TRAC Intermodal is opening new locations across North America, experiencing impressive growth and embracing change. With the acquisition of Interstar Fleet Services and partnership with StreetTurn\xe2\x80\x99s Intermodal Data Hub, we continue to expand our service offerings and create new career opportunities. If you want to work with a company whose people live its values every day, consider a career with TRAC Intermodal."
b' Provides a high level of support services for the professional nursing staff and the routine functions of patient care under the direction of the professional nurse.# Requires a high school diploma or equivalent. Two years of college and six months experience or Bachelors degree in lieu of experience preferred. College study focus in psychology, sociology, nursing or related field or equivalent education. All positions include an every other weekend work requirement.# 6:45-15:15 Week 1: Tues, Wed, Fri, Sat Week 2: Sun, Mon, Thur, Fri'
b"ALK Technologies, a global leader in GeoLogistics\xe2\x84\xa2 and navigation software, is focused on developing innovative solutions for transportation, logistics, mobile workforces and consumers. For 30 years, ALK has led the transportation industry with high-quality routing, mileage and mapping solutions. ALK\xe2\x80\x99s PC*MILER products are used by 98% of the largest North American transportation and logistics providers as well as the US Department of Defense. Its award-winning CoPilot Live GPS Navigation software applications provide voice-guided, turn-by-turn GPS navigation on a wide range of smartphones, mobile devices and on-board computers.  This is a great opportunity for entry level Geography majors to join our expanding Data Team. We are looking for bright energetic people with a genuine interest in the GIS/GPS/mapping industry. Our GIS Technicians use ALK's proprietary GIS software to create, maintain, and enhance a number of transportation network database used in our products. Qualifications: BA/BS in Geography or closely related field. Solid understanding of spatial data concepts and mapping techniques. An interest in computerized mapping is desired. Experience with ArcView, MS Access and GPS a plus. Excellent attention to detail, strong organizational skills and self-motivated ALK is located on Route 1 in Princeton NJ in a new office beautifully designed to support our recent and expected future growth. ALK offers great benefits such as paid healthcare, 401K, stock options, free on-site gym, and fun perks like summer BBQs.  ALK is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws, or any other protected factor. EOE/M/F/V/D"
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... You will be responsible for developing and implementing marketing strategy and programs to drive subscriber growth of Verizon\xe2\x80\x99s broadband, TV and voice products. Individual will be responsible for creating and leading promotional strategy and marketing programs to increase penetration and drive market share. Lead efforts to analyze program performance and leverage key data and customer insights to optimize existing programs and drive new strategies for subscriber growth.Lead efforts to develop promotional offers and strategies to address customer pain points and increase adoption of broadband, TV and voice products.Relentlessly drive growth through creative thinking, test-and-learn methodology, and rapid execution.Lead cross functional teams to ensure marketing strategies and programs are delivered on time and drive desired outcome.Quickly assess and anticipate market trends, competitive shifts and adopt strategies to drive optimal performance.Secure support of leadership and cross functional teams to execute recommended strategies.What we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Marketing experience. Even better if you have: A degree.Proven ability to derive, synthesize and apply findings to business problems to lift sales, revenue and margins.Analytical and problem solving skills.Strong quantitative skills and comfortable in data driven business environment.Ability to use creative thinking in a fast paced, results-driven environment.Ability to influence and lead teams to deliver against complex initiatives.Financial Acumen.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Project Management experience \xe2\x80\x93 ability to manage a large number of simultaneous tasks and keep deliverables on schedule.When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b' Piscataway, NJ  Provident Bank, a multi-billion dollar New Jersey based bank, is looking for a talented Bank Associate I to work on our North West Travel Team to help promote our commitment to providing excellent customer service. With your commitment in the Bank Associate role, Provident Bank can help you develop in your career and climb the ladder of success! ***This position will be PART-TIME and based in Piscataway, but you will be required to travel to all our branches in Middlesex & SomersetCounties*** POSITION SUMMARY The Bank Associate I responds to customers\xe2\x80\x99 needs by processing a variety of financial transactions including check cashing, withdrawals, deposits, and loan payments.  This position is responsible for managing and balancing a cash drawer, preparing daily paperwork according to branch procedures, and directing the customer to other banking services, bank personnel and cross-selling. Responsibilities include customer experience behaviors (greeting and thanking customer, using their name etc.), lobby management, and assisting the banking center supervisor with Teller line and end of day functions. Works under the supervision of regional management. MAJOR JOB RESPONSIBILITIES \xe2\x80\x93Opens and/or closes BranchResearches errors in deposits and withdrawals; consults with supervisor for more complex issuesAssists with daily Branch proofing tasks including ATM and VaultMay buy and sell cash from vault & TCRProcesses official checksParticipates in both internal and external sales activities including community and networking eventsSupports and adheres to branch operation standards; accurately and efficiently completes all paperwork, disclosures and conditionsEnsures compliance with policies and procedures as requiredPrepares and/or completes CTR/SAR form on appropriate transactionsMust be able to work a flexible hourly schedule as requestedMay be asked to travel to other locations / branchesMust present a professional imageProvides access to safe deposit boxesAssists in training other branch personnelPerform other duties as requiredSUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIESNoneSKILLSGood interpersonal skills, including listening, written and verbal communicationAbility to work with a wide variety of personalities in a courteous and professional mannerSolid math and analytical skillsAbility to understand and follow safety and security practicesGood relationship building skillsAbility (strong) to build relationships through consultative conversations and to identify customer needs and translate those needs to sales opportunitiesStrong customer service/advocacy skillsGood organizational and time management skillsGood PC skills; and the ability to quickly learn other computer programs, including Microsoft officeEDUCATIONHigh school diploma or GEDWORK EXPERIENCE6 months - 2 years in a retail sales/service environment preferredLICENSES AND/OR CERTIFICATESNoneWORKING CONDITIONS Work is mainly performed under general office conditions in a retail-banking establishment. Willing and able to work required overtime. Willing and able to travel to other locations/branches. Must be flexible and demonstrate the ability to adapt to new job locations and reassignments as directed. HAZARDS Those present in a retail-banking establishment. In the course of working with customers, the employee may encounter abusive, aggressive or unpredicted threatening behavior. Must observe safety and security practices at the Branch.  This job description may not be all-inclusive. Employees are expected to perform other duties as assigned and directed by management. Job descriptions and duties may be modified when deemed appropriate by management. Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, Individuals with Disabilities and LGBT'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Shoppes at Flemington  100 Reaville Ave Ste 101  Flemington, NJ 08822 '
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 15\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. RECEIVING CLERK Receiving Clerks are responsible for processing paperwork for merchandise received at the club and reviewing paperwork for completeness. Additional responsibilities include but not limited to: Data entering informationFollowing up on discrepanciesRequirementsStrong organizational skills and an attention to detail requiredBasic computer skills preferredPrior receiving experience helpfulMinimum Age Requirements: Must be at least 18 years of age  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b' ABC Supply, the nation\xe2\x80\x99s largest distributor of exterior building products, is seeking a motivated Delivery Material Handler to join its team. ABC Supply has been the recipient of the Gallup Great Workplace Award for 11 consecutive years and is proud to be an employee-first company.  In this role, you will assist with the safe and accurate handling of building materials from the warehouse to the delivery location. These deliveries include both ground and rooftop unloading. For rooftop deliveries, you will physically work on rooftops to complete the job. Specific duties may include:Loading and unloading delivery vehiclesAssisting with loading products onto rooftopsAssisting in maneuvering delivery vehiclesDelivering product in non-CDL required vehiclesProviding superior customer serviceDouble checking all loads for accuracy and ensuring that they are thoroughly secured for deliveryProviding warehouse support as neededPerforming all duties safelySpecific qualifications include:Ability to repeatedly lift products weighing 75-100 lbsAbility to stand, bend, twist, and climb ladders throughout complete shiftForklift experience preferred (we will train if necessary)Ability and willingness to work on rooftopsPositive attitude and team playerAdhering to all safety policies, including wearing safety harness and other required equipmentBenefits may include:Health, dental, and vision coverageEmployer paid life insurance401(k) with generous company matchFlex spendingPaid time offPaid holidaysEqual Opportunity Employer / Drug Free Workplace'
b' Drive with Uber and earn money anytime it works for you. Driving is an easy way to earn extra, and it\xe2\x80\x99s totally flexible around your schedule. You decide when and how much you drive. What you need to know:Earn great money: The more you drive, the more you earn.Flexible schedule: Make your own schedule and earn anytime, day or night.Getting started is simple: Signing up doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide support along the way.Get paid weekly: Earnings are deposited into your bank account weekly.24/7 support: The app gives you turn-by-turn directions, and access 24/7 support if you need help.Here\xe2\x80\x99s what you need to get started:Be at least 21 years oldHave a 4-door vehicleHave a valid U.S. driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and vehicle insuranceHave at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. (3 years if you\xe2\x80\x99re under 23 years old)Additional Information: If you have previous employment experience in transportation (such as a delivery driver, driver, professional driver, driving job, truck driver, heavy and tractor-trailer driver, cdl truck driver, class a or class b driver, local truck driver, company truck driver, taxi driver, taxi chauffeur, cab driver, cab chauffeur, taxi cab driver, transit bus driver, bus driver, coach bus driver, bus operator, shuttle driver, bus chauffeur) you might also consider partnering with Uber and earn great money. We also welcome drivers who have worked with other peer-to-peer ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Sidecar, Deliv, Postmates, Roadie. Our driver partners come from all backgrounds and industries ranging from traditional driving and transportation industries to other industries.'
b'Job DescriptionMerchandising Execution Associates:All Merchandising Execution Associates (MEAs) perform in-store merchandising service activities such as merchandising projects, planogram maintenance, overhead organization, and display/signage maintenance designed to enhance the customer experience. MEAs execute merchandising strategies and ensure products are displayed correctly to drive sales. MEAs work in teams, with on-site supervision and provide service to multiple departments in the store. Their focus is on general bay service, projects and product resets while always keeping safety, accuracy and efficiency at the forefront. MEAs build and maintain strong relationships with store associates and provide superior customer service to both internal and external customers.  Typical schedule is Monday-Friday, No Weekends  Full Time and Part Time positionsDay Team Merchandising Execution Associates (MEAs)spend approximately 80% of their time conducting general bay service or maintenance, ensuring that the products are stocked and properly merchandised to provide the customer the best possible shopping experience. Typically, 20% of their time is spent executing special projects designed to improve how products are displayed to the customer and to our suppliers needs.  Typical schedule is Monday - Friday and typically service a single store location.  Full Time and Part Time positionsNight Team Merchandising Execution Associate(MEAs)spend approximately 80% of their time executing specific projects that introduce new items and conducting category resets to enhance the customer experience. Typically, 20% of their time is spent building displays and fixtures while utilizing basic hand tools in addition to refreshing display material/signage/brochures. Some general bay maintenance will occasionally be required. Night MEAs may be on a traveling team typically service multiple stores typically within a 30-mile radius. Mileage reimbursement is available for travel positions and must have reliable transportation with a valid drivers license and insurance.  Typical schedule is Monday- Thursday, 10 hour shifts  Full Time and Part time positionMerchandising Services Specialists: Merchandising Services Specialists are responsible for implementing company standards for appearance and arrangement and ordering of merchandise. Plans and coordinates merchandise flow-through. Responsible for servicing and maintaining all assigned locations according to a set weekly visitation schedule.  Typical schedule is Monday - Friday  Full Time and Part Time positions'
b' OverviewBeing an Architect Takes Good "Vision." And, We Want to "See" You Right Away Headquartered in central New Jersey, Edgewood Properties ("Edgewood" or the "Company") is a leading real estate development and property management company with several million square feet of retail/commercial space, over 3,000 apartments and various for sale communities, existing and/or under construction throughout New Jersey.  Given ongoing construction and development plans, our current apartment portfolio of 3,000 plus units is expected to double in the next couple of years and rise to over 10,000 units in the next five years. Given our rapid portfolio growth, coupled with ownership\'s desire to develop and hold rather than sell, the timing is ideal for qualified candidates to come onboard.  Edgewood is currently seeking an experienced Sr Architect Project Managerto be responsible for working with the design team to progress schematic designs into design development and construction documents.ResponsibilitiesJob Responsibilities: Manage Architectural Interns / CAD Design team members.Manage multiple projects simultaneously.7 - 10 years of experience in low to midrise multifamily/mixed use projectsResponsible for entire architectural process, including preparation, coordination & review of construction drawings for completeness and accuracy.Strong knowledge of architectural assemblies, mechanical, electrical & plumbing components and systems.Review and give feedback on schematic designs from the design team with regard to building code compliance, ease of construction and construction budget.Responsible for maintaining project schedules and deadlines.Prepares and/or assists in reviewing requests for proposals from consultants.Perform full construction administration duties to ensure construction work is in compliance with construction documents.Attend Monday night construction meetings as needed. QualificationsThe successful candidate will have a thorough knowledge of the construction document process is required, including knowledge of building codes, construction detailing, project specifications and coordination with structural, mechanical and electrical design consultants. Experience with construction administration processes and procedures are necessary, including shop drawings and submittal review, processing requests for information and construction clarifications. Organizational skills, time management, efficiency and accuracy are important characteristics for this position. Direct report is to the Director of Architectural Services.  Job Qualifications: Bachelor of Architecture and a minimum of seven to ten years related experience in low to midrise multi-family, retail and mixed use design.Architecture and project manager experience.Building code experience, including ADA.Proficiency with Autocad 2013, Word, Excel and ResCheck / ComCheck. In return, we offer competitive compensation, along with comprehensive benefits, including medical and dental and vision benefits, life insurance, a 401(k) and a corporate team environment. For immediate consideration, please apply online or email your resume with salary requirements directly to our Human Resources Dept. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.'
b' We have an opening for a Full Time Lead Toddler Teacher.  Must reside within 10 miles of Princeton Junction, NJ.  The classroom has a multi-age group 18 Months- 3 years(typical for a Montessori).  The candidate should have the following qualifications:  - At least 3 years of experience in a toddler class  -Experience of preparing weekly lesson plans  -Capable of delegating tasks to assistants and overseeing their performance  -Flexible in multi-tasking  -Good communicator  -Good writing skills for Newsletter etc.  -Tech savy  We offer good salary and benefits for the right candidate.'
b' Provides a high level of support services for the professional nursing staff and the routine functions of patient care under the direction of the professional nurse.# Requires a high school diploma or equivalent. Two years of college and six months experience or Bachelors degree in lieu of experience preferred. College study focus in psychology, sociology, nursing or related field or equivalent education. All positions include an every other weekend work requirement.# 18:45-7:15 Week 1: Tuesday, Wednesday, Saturday Week 2: Sunday, Thursday, Friday'
b" ResponsibilitiesAs a massage therapist at the Massage Envy Berkeley Heights franchised location,* essential duties include performing professional quality massage within scope of practice and licensing (as applicable) and in alignment with policies and protocols, utilizing approved modalities, in accordance with applicable law in your franchised location, designing specific sessions based on member\xe2\x80\x99s/guest\xe2\x80\x99s individual needs, and upholding the Massage Envy brand's core values of optimism, gratitude, excellence, consistency and empathy. Additional responsibilities include:Perform professional quality massage, within scope of practice and licensing (as applicable).Must follow all Massage Envy policies and protocols.Assists in the cleanliness of the location (therapy rooms and common areas).Utilizes Massage Envy approved modalities, in accordance with applicable law in your location.If performing hot stone, deep muscle or prenatal therapy, must have appropriate training and satisfy the minimum clinic education hours.Maintain professional appearance at all times.Design specific sessions based on member\xe2\x80\x99s/guest\xe2\x80\x99s individual needs.Assists in the promotion of the health and wellness benefits to clients receiving massage therapy on a regular basis; communicates various promotions to clients.Creates excellent member/guest experience through friendly and helpful attitude.Reliable, on time attendance. Attends all scheduled shifts, is prompt to work and works entire scheduled shift.Completes Wellness Chart documentation accurately and completely.Other duties as assigned.Compensation and Benefits:Excellent yearly income potential!$$ Generous Sign on Bonus Promotion! $$Competitive commissions and gratuity.FREE CEU courses and continuing training.Health/Vision/Dental/Disability insurance for Full Time employees.401K for Full Time employees.Discounted services and retail products.Lucrative Referral Program we will pay you $250 when you refer another therapist!QualificationsQualificationsEducation, Skills and Training:Minimum of 500 hours of massage therapy school and a certificate of completion.Participates in continuing education to improve effectiveness (preferred).Satisfactory results of background and reference check is a condition of employment in this position.Must adhere to all applicable local and state licensing laws and regulations related to the massage therapy services provided, including following any applicable law pertaining to maintaining current Massage License.Knowledge of and experience in performing Swedish and Deep Tissue Massage required, as well as knowledge of and experience in performing other modalities offered by Massage Envy.Understands and believes in the healing benefits of massage therapy and bodywork.Communications and Personal Interactions:Have a strong customer service orientation.Possess the ability to communicate effectively (orally and written) and in a courteous and professional manner on a regular basis with members, guests, co-workers and management.Maintain client confidentiality.Our Massage Envy in the Berkeley Heights New Jersey area is owned and operated by a local family who want to see their Massage Therapists succeed in their chosen profession.We always welcome new talent. If you'd like to explore Massage Envy careers at the Berkeley Heights location please contact the hiring manager of Massage Envy Berkeley Heights at 201-401-5181. We are happy to discuss other temporary roles such as a Stretch Service Provider while you are waiting to obtain your licensure!"
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Aviation Plaza  697 W Edgar Rd  Linden, NJ 07036 '
b'Bio-Shine Inc. has built a reputation over the past 26 years as one of the industry\xe2\x80\x99s finest mid-sized Janitorial Supply Companies, featuring many exclusive lines and unique products that separate us from our competition. We are also one of the few Janitorial Supply Companies that have their own in-house equipment service center along with our exclusive website for parts ordering. We are currently looking for a motivated Customer Service / Purchasing Assistant to fill an open position. Customer Service Responsibilities: \xe2\x80\xa2 Your main priority is to work with 2 top producing sales-reps to expedite their sales orders.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Help sales reps put on sales orders when they are in the field & convert their quotes to orders.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Help the sales reps procure odd ball items via the internet. Purchasing Responsibilities: \xe2\x80\xa2 Enter new purchase orders for vendors.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Call and/or email vendors to check availability, pricing, ETAs.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Follow up on back orders on purchase orders.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Communicate any issues with open purchase orders to sales reps and/or customers.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Match purchase orders to vendor order acknowledgments and follow up.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Process returns to vendors.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Input new items on our system with correct descriptions, part#, pricing, etc.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Go through our vast data bank of inventory items and update pricing. Ideal candidate must possess the following skills: \xe2\x80\xa2 Must be proficient in Microsoft Excel and be able to use V-lookup  \xe2\x80\xa2 Knowledge of other Microsoft products, Word, Outlook etc.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Must be able to type at least 50 words per minute.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Must be able to work from 7am to 3:30pm M-F and be flexible to work overtime.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Must have excellent grammar skills.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to prioritize, multi-task and work well in a team environment.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Have the proper skills to handle a multitude of emails, written and oral correspondences.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Outstanding customer service skills, strong work ethic and meticulous attention to detail.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to demonstrate creativity, flexibility and initiative in a fast-paced environment.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to anticipate and assist in resolving situations with minimum guidance.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Special projects and other duties as assigned as this role may evolve over time.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Being bilingual in Spanish/English is not required, but would be a positive attribute. Experience/Education: \xe2\x80\xa2 Minimum high school diploma required, college degree preferred.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Minimum 2-5 years supporting managers in a corporate environment.Compensation:SalaryUSD $35,000 - 45,000 Per Year7 Sick/Personal Days5 Vacation Days 1st YearHealth - Dental - Vision401 K Looking forward to reviewing your resumes. Please NO Phone Calls.  David Matisoff  VP or Sales & Operations'
b'Speech Therapist Job DescriptionQualifications 1.Graduate of an accredited university with an MA, or M.S. in communication disorders that is recognized by ASHA 2.Holds current license and/or registration in the state (as applicable) 3.Successful completion of CFYJob Responsibilities 1.Provide a comprehensive speech therapy evaluation 2.Document findings on the standardized evaluation form neatly, accurately and adhering to all guidelines 3.Provide a comprehensive treatment plan including long and short term goals, frequency, duration and treatment modalities 4.Ensure MD orders are obtained for evaluations, treatments, recertifications and discharges. 5.Provide comprehensive treatment to patients utilizing modalities and modifying patient treatment as indicated and adhering to precautions. 6.Document patient\xe2\x80\x99s progress on weekly progress note accurately and timely 7.Document monthly updated treatment plan on standardized form in timely manner. 8.Document patient\xe2\x80\x99s discharge and in-service on a discharge summary as indicated 9.Document any caregiver or discharge in-services on an in-service form as indicated. 10.Complete any and all other documentation forms required by Tender Touch. 11.Document care plans and information needed for the MDS as deemed necessary by the facility 12.Attend facility and rehab meetings as indicated by supervisor and/or regional manager. 13.Participate in facility committee meetings as indicated 14.Act as a rehab delegate to the interdisciplinary team 15.Participates in scheduling of patients 16.Perform screens as indicated 17.Complete billing logs and bill patients ethically and accurately for speech therapy services rendered. 18.Cover other therapists patient caseload during absence as necessary 19.Supervise junior staff members or students in compliance with State ST Board regulations and requirements. Co-sign notes of CFY\xe2\x80\x99s and students as indicated. 20.Maintain professional relationship with co-workers, facility staff, patients and patient families 21.Provide inservice education regarding patient care or speech therapy service areas to rehab staff, facility staff and community as needed 22.Comply with all facility and Tender Touch safety policies and procedures 23.Comply with patient confidentiality and Federal Resident Rights 24.Report to work on time, adhere to scheduled hours and project a professional image at all times.  25.Adhere to productivity requirements, complete productivity reports and submit in a timely manner. 26.Comply with all Tender Touch policies re: lunch, overtime, sick and time off notification. 27.Maintain a positive work atmosphere by demonstrating and communicating in a professional manner so as to foster positive relations with customers, clients, co-workers and managers. 28.Perform any other duties assigned by the department supervisor, lead therapist or regional manager. 29.Adhere to any and all other Tender Touch written and oral policies and procedures. 30.Tender Touch may request your availability to travel to facilities within reasonable distance.Physical Demands Employee should be able to transfer, position and transport patients and be knowledgeable in and exercise good body mechanics during patient treatment.Tender Touch is an Equal Opportunity Employer'
b' Operational Account Manager \xe2\x80\x93 Central NJ (Ocean, Monmouth, Middlesex, and possibly Somerset Counties)  If you are a self-motivated, operationally service driven individual, looking to take their career to the next level, then this may be the opportunity for you. Capital Contractors, an 85-year-old industry leader in commercial cleaning and facility services, is hiring an operational Account Manager in Central NJ. We are looking for a customer focused individual, committed to building strong and successful partnerships with both our customers and our contractors, through our managed services program.  HIGHLIGHTS  \xc2\xb7 When: Immediate hire  \xc2\xb7 Generous base pay + commissions+ bonuses  \xc2\xb7 Company Credit Card for all fuel expenses and maintenance  \xc2\xb7 Company phone and tablet  \xc2\xb7 Individual coaching and support  \xc2\xb7 Quarterly Operations Contest  \xc2\xb7 Insurance, 401(k) plan, paid vacation and more after 90 days  Key Responsibilities:  \xc2\xb7 Successfully launching and maintaining client accounts  \xc2\xb7 Completing regular service inspections of client locations and tracking and resolving issues.  \xc2\xb7 Identifying and selling additional services to our existing clients  \xc2\xb7 Must be willing to work some nights and weekends to ensure successful service execution  \xc2\xb7 Must maintain and update customer records in our CRM.  Skills & Experience required:  \xc2\xb7 PLUS: Commercial Cleaning or Facility Services Experience  \xc2\xb7 PLUS: Bilingual in English and Spanish  \xc2\xb7 Customer Service Skills  \xc2\xb7 Time Management Skills  \xc2\xb7 Proactive and self-motivated  \xc2\xb7 Reliable transportation to navigate territory Apply today: Eileen Gonzalez  Director of Recruiting'
b' As a member of the strategic pricing team, the Pricing Analyst responsibilities are to establish, maintain and analyze price reference information, and to make recommendations that will facilitate optimal pricing decisions to be made by the Pricing & Category Management teams. The Pricing Analyst will manage the day-to-day pricing activities across multiple categories; analyze and execute strategies that support the business goals. Researching and resolving of pricing issues as reported by stores and/or the automated pricing system are amongst the responsibilities of this position. In addition, this Associate will handle all training on the promotion management tool within the pricing system.To be considered a candidate an Associate must meet the minimum qualifications of the posting: \xc2\xb7 Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Accounting/Finance, Business, Economics, Mathematics or equivalent.\xc2\xb7 Demonstrated analytical, quantitative, and qualitative analysis skills required.\xc2\xb7 Strong statistical and mathematical aptitude, including an understanding the components of financial analysis and the ability to work accurately with numbers.\xc2\xb7 Exceptional collaboration, communication, interpersonal and negotiation skills.\xc2\xb7 Solid organizational with an above average attention to detail and accuracy.\xc2\xb7 Must have a strong understanding of competitive pricing including the relationship between Retail Pricing, Item Costing, Warehouse Markup, Gross Profit Rate, and Gross Profit Dollars as well as understand the economics behind price elasticity, multiples, and endings.\xc2\xb7 Ability to do ad-hoc analysis on methods to optimize price through market and pricing strategies.\xc2\xb7 Ability to evaluate all special pricing programs based on category manager input, including temporary price reductions.\xc2\xb7 Excellent technical skills in Excel, Word, Outlook and PowerPoint with ability to rapidly learn new software systems.\xc2\xb7 Demonstrated ability to independently develop new Excel models, charts and graphs as necessary.\xc2\xb7 Ability to multi-task while being flexible and reacting quickly to change.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Millburn Village  2933 Vauxhall Rd  Vauxhall, NJ 07088 '
b" ResponsibilitiesAs a massage therapist at the Massage Envy Berkeley Heights franchised location,* essential duties include performing professional quality massage within scope of practice and licensing (as applicable) and in alignment with policies and protocols, utilizing approved modalities, in accordance with applicable law in your franchised location, designing specific sessions based on member\xe2\x80\x99s/guest\xe2\x80\x99s individual needs, and upholding the Massage Envy brand's core values of optimism, gratitude, excellence, consistency and empathy. Additional responsibilities include:Perform professional quality massage, within scope of practice and licensing (as applicable).Must follow all Massage Envy policies and protocols.Assists in the cleanliness of the location (therapy rooms and common areas).Utilizes Massage Envy approved modalities, in accordance with applicable law in your location.If performing hot stone, deep muscle or prenatal therapy, must have appropriate training and satisfy the minimum clinic education hours.Maintain professional appearance at all times.Design specific sessions based on member\xe2\x80\x99s/guest\xe2\x80\x99s individual needs.Assists in the promotion of the health and wellness benefits to clients receiving massage therapy on a regular basis; communicates various promotions to clients.Creates excellent member/guest experience through friendly and helpful attitude.Reliable, on time attendance. Attends all scheduled shifts, is prompt to work and works entire scheduled shift.Completes Wellness Chart documentation accurately and completely.Other duties as assigned.Compensation and Benefits:Excellent yearly income potential!$$ Generous Sign on Bonus Promotion! $$Competitive commissions and gratuity.FREE CEU courses and continuing training.Health/Vision/Dental/Disability insurance for Full Time employees.401K for Full Time employees.Discounted services and retail products.Lucrative Referral Program we will pay you $250 when you refer another therapist!QualificationsQualificationsEducation, Skills and Training:Minimum of 500 hours of massage therapy school and a certificate of completion.Participates in continuing education to improve effectiveness (preferred).Satisfactory results of background and reference check is a condition of employment in this position.Must adhere to all applicable local and state licensing laws and regulations related to the massage therapy services provided, including following any applicable law pertaining to maintaining current Massage License.Knowledge of and experience in performing Swedish and Deep Tissue Massage required, as well as knowledge of and experience in performing other modalities offered by Massage Envy.Understands and believes in the healing benefits of massage therapy and bodywork.Communications and Personal Interactions:Have a strong customer service orientation.Possess the ability to communicate effectively (orally and written) and in a courteous and professional manner on a regular basis with members, guests, co-workers and management.Maintain client confidentiality.Our Massage Envy in the Berkeley Heights New Jersey area is owned and operated by a local family who want to see their Massage Therapists succeed in their chosen profession.We always welcome new talent. If you'd like to explore Massage Envy careers at the Berkeley Heights location please contact the hiring manager of Massage Envy Berkeley Heights at 201-401-5181. We are happy to discuss other temporary roles such as a Stretch Service Provider while you are waiting to obtain your licensure!"
b'Job Descriptionbackground in workday implementationKey Responsibilities:Coordinate and lead project activities with support of a local project team that at a minimum consists of a Payroll, HR and IT LeadDevelop and manage the country project plan using the common project management tools, across all functional work streamsEnsure project plan and project activities are alignedEnsure that project is resourced adequatelyProvide direction and guidance to project team to realize expected valueManages weekly project management rhythms and reporting, perform project progress and milestone tracking, report on project changes and overdue activities, perform issue reporting, propose issue mitigationsProvides regular program status reports, including open issues, risks and scope changesHelps to resolve issues and escalates issues to regional leaders as neededCaptures and tracks issues and action items, and documents resolution in issues log'

b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Mews at Garwood  504 North Ave  Garwood, NJ 07027 '
b"Assistant Store  Manager: Founded in 1972, Crabtree & Evelyn was started as a  small family business by Cyrus Harvey, who had a passion for travel and an  inherent interest in all things natural. He drew inspiration from the life of  John Evelyn, who was one of the first naturalists and conservationists.  Crabtree & Evelyn was one of the first brands to focus  on natural ingredients sourced from around the world and has always reflected a  spirit of discovery and adventure.  Today, more than forty years on, we continue to draw on our  rich heritage and knowledge of plants and botanicals while embracing new  discoveries; you\xe2\x80\x99ll find this expressed in our product range of beautifully  packaged body and hand care luxuries, home spa essentials and fine foods.  The Assistant Store Manager will assist the Store Manager in  managing the daily operation of the store to maximize sales, service customers,  sell products and deliver complete customer satisfaction. The ASM will help  develop, execute and manage store sales plans, programs and store staff to achieve  sales, profitability and development objectives.  High School Diploma or equivalent; Associate's Degree  preferred. The ideal candidate will have two-to-five years' experience as a retail  Assistant Store Manager and/or two years' experience in a management capacity  in combination with experience in a specialty retail sales position. Intermediate skills in Microsoft Office  programs.  We offer in-store sales training programs and sales  incentive programs to our associates.  We are an EEO - M/F/D/V employer."
b' A unique direct selling opportunity! Traveling Vineyard Wine Guides host in-home wine tastings and market Traveling Vineyard\xe2\x80\x99s exclusive, award-winning wines and wine accessories. A Traveling Vineyard wine tasting is an experience designed to introduce wine lovers and wine newbies to a wide spectrum of wines, give them tips on how to enjoy wine, and demonstrate the magic that happens when the right wine is paired with the right food. A Traveling Vineyard Wine Guide doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have to be a wine expert to have a successful career in wine! Our nationwide team is made up of men and women wine entrepreneurs\xe2\x80\x94from part-time stay-at-home moms to retirees\xe2\x80\x94who are seeking a job that offers financial reward, flexibility, personal fulfillment, friendship and FUN. Must be 21.'
b' Assists Staffing Coordinator to schedule staff for Acute Care, Adult Psychiatric and Addiction, CDP, Older Adult, and Adolescent Units, and Blake Recovery Center according to the approved staffing patterns and acuity as entered into the Staff Anyware program. This is done with the oversight of the Nursing Directors and Nursing Supervisors. High school graduate; One (1) year in a customer service setting.'
b"Job Description:Remove seat covers from airplane seats and replace them with new clean seat covers. These seat covers are attached with Velcro and require pressure/force to remove and replace them. Ink Wipes& Deep Cleans involves scrubbing leather seat covers with a diluted solution of a designated chemical (based on airline specs), water, scrub brush and towel. Ink and gum remover are used for stain/gum removal. Position requires frequent bending, reaching, grabbing, pushing, pulling, walking, climbing, standing, squatting/kneeling, twisting/turning and repetitive movement. Must climb steps& carry 25lbs frequently& 40lbs occasionally. Work is performed inside the aircraft but must be accessed from the airport ramp, which is exposed to outdoor weather conditions and loud noises.Minimum requirements:*Must be at least 18 years of age.*Able to pass a drug test/ background check and be able to obtain airport security clearance.*Speak and understand English*Available to work overnights (6:00 PM - 6:00 AM), full weekends and holidays.*Possess a valid Driver's License for at least 1 year, with a clean driving record (w/out LOFS 21 Restriction).Our benefits package includes:* Competitive salary* Free uniforms* Paid training* Paid time off* Holiday pay* Medical, Dental and Vision insurance* Life insurance* 401K (after one year of service for employees who are 21 years of age and up).* Employees may be eligible for Verizon and AT&T discountsAccuFleet International is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.AAP/EEO STATEMENT:It is the policy of AccuFleet to provide equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected characteristic under applicable law. This policy relates to all phases of employment, including, but not limited to, recruiting, employment, placement, promotion, transfer, demotion, reduction of workforce and termination, rates of pay or other forms of compensation, selection for training, the use of all facilities, and participation in all company-sponsored employee activities. Provisions in applicable laws providing for bona fide occupational qualifications, business necessity or age limitations will be adhered to by the company where appropriate."
b"Looking for the next step in your career? Enjoy a challenge? Do you have an ambition for innovation? Want to make a difference? If you join our growing global team, you\xe2\x80\x99ll be working for an industry leader with offices across five continents, in over 47 countries and more than 28 000 employees. You will work with some of the leading world brands across the Fortune 100 and Fortune 500 companies \xe2\x80\x93 who are all relying on Dimension Data to help them use the power of technology to achieve their ambition in this digital era.You\xe2\x80\x99ll be part of a team who\xe2\x80\x99s passionate about making a difference to the way technology shapes how we live and work \xe2\x80\x93 whether it\xe2\x80\x99s protecting the rhino, connecting the G20 Summit, or revolutionising cycling, giving you the opportunity to do great things.  You\xe2\x80\x99ll be joining a Global Top Employer, recognised for investing in talent because people are at the heart of our success. You provide the skills, passion and ideas, and we\xe2\x80\x99ll provide the platform to realise your ambitions.Great talent. Great teams. Great work. Great opportunities. Want to be part of our team?We are currently looking for a Principal Consultant- Networking . The Principal Consultant will possess deep domain knowledge across multiple technical architectures for the networking domain which includes Cisco solutions and other software-defined networking architecturesWhat you'll be doingOwn the delivery of plan phase networking consulting engagements, including surveyors, assessments, design, and architecture for software defined access around campus transformation for any combination of the following technologies: Cisco ACI, Viptela,, Riverbed Steelconnect..Lead the proposed solution for the client, including transitioning the build and implementation to the delivery team, and remain engaged with the client through transfer to managed services, thus becoming a \xe2\x80\x9cthought leader\xe2\x80\x9d for the next opportunity.Achieve specific individual bookings targets for net new Networking consulting opportunities through GTM activities and engaging the sales organization.Maintain specific billable targets through the delivery of consultative services such as surveyors, IT consulting, engagement management, and applicable components of key delivery engagementsSupport new and existing client with requirements gathering, gap analysis, design, testing plan development, deployment plan development, and support service development. Define the client\xe2\x80\x99s operational and strategic objectives and measure the results that are critical to client satisfactionEnsure that a quality solution is delivered in a timely manner, within budget, and to our client's satisfaction. Work closely with the client to understand and manage their expectations while simultaneously working closely with Dimension Data and third-party vendors to ensure deliveryWhat would make you a good fit for this role?Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or equivalentTechnical knowledge related to any combination of Cisco ACI, Riverbed SteelConnect, Viptela, software defined access/WAN and other campus Networking solutions with an emphasis on broad based consulting services experienceAchieved multiple, high-level vendors\xe2\x80\x99 certifications across multiple technical architectures is a plusTOGAF and ITIL Certification is a plus16 to 18 years of industry-related work experience12 years of relevant experience in a professional services pre-sales or post-sales engineering roleAbility to provide documented prior success in the role of lead engineer or presales engineer on 10+ projects (including at least 1 large-scale project) for existing Dimension Data clients, or via reference from former clients or employersConsulting experience with a proven track record of successful cross-architecture engagementsStrong client service orientation and expert client engagement skillsJoin our growing global team and accelerate your career with Dimension Data. Apply today.Diversity in Dimension Data Dimension Data is an equal opportunity employer with a global culture that embraces diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be unfairly discriminated against on any arbitrary ground including race, colour, sex, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or other protected category."
b' Summary Event Specialist Part Time Sales Are you outgoing, friendly and enjoy meeting new people? Our part time Event Specialist jobs are fun and exciting and could be a great fit for you! Join our winning team as a retail demonstrator promoting best in class products at your local retailers. You can be the brand ambassador who excels in captivating an audience during in-store events, with an emphasis on brand awareness, product demonstration and sales. The in-store demonstrator is responsible for reviewing program materials, set up and break down of the work area, and the preparation and sampling of products on scheduled event days. Take this chance to join the largest sales and marketing agency in North America, Advantage Solutions, where you will receive top-notch training and competitive pay rates. Responsibilities:Set up, break down, product preparation and sampling during in-store demonstrationsGenerate brand awareness and positive product impressions to increase salesAssess customer\xe2\x80\x99s individual usage needs and interests in order to best recommend productsTimely complete of all call reports, paperwork, and on-going personal training by required deadlinesQualifications:High School Diploma preferred or equivalent job-related experienceExperience in event marketing, demonstrations, sales, brand promotion or retail/groceryInteract in a friendly, enthusiastic, energetic and outgoing manner with management, clients, and consumers in any settingStand comfortably for up to 6 hours a dayAble to work independently and as a motivated team playerAbility to work a part-time retail schedule, Monday through SundayMinimal travel required for training or other scheduled eventsDaily access to a PC computer with internet/email access Advantage Solutions is one of North America\xe2\x80\x99s leading sales and marketing agencies specializing in outsourced sales, merchandising, category management and marketing services to manufacturers, suppliers and producers of food products and consumer packaged goods. Advantage Solutions services a variety of trade channels including grocery, mass merchandise, specialty, convenience, drug, dollar, club, hardware, consumer electronics and home centers. We bridge the gap between manufacturers and retailers, providing consumers access to the best products available in the marketplace today.  Advantage Sales and Marketing, LLC dba Advantage Solutions is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. #WES1 Responsibilities'
b' Supplemental Health Care is a nationally recognized healthcare staffing provider partnering with a hospital in Plainsboro, NJ to provide a Pediatric Psych Registered Nurse.  Travel Pediatric Psych RN Registered Nurse needed on 12 hour night shifts for a minimum of 13 weeks (there may be opportunities to extend).  This RN assignment is on an eating disorder unit.  For additional information on how to phone interview for this Registered Nurse position, please contact:  Desirae Lechner  dlechner@travelnurses.com - to send resume direct  716-541-2685 - to call/text  Ask me about 401K with company match!'
b'Other Locations:US- NJ- Warren DescriptionCelgene is a global biopharmaceutical company leading the way in medical innovation to help patients live longer, better lives. Our purpose as a company is to discover and develop therapies that will change the course of human health. We value our passion for patients, quest for innovation, spirit of independence and love of challenge. With a presence in more than 70 countries, and growing - we look for talented people to grow our business, advance our science and contribute to our unique culture.Senior Manager, Cell Therapy Development - CAR-TWarren, NJDEPARTMENT Cell Therapy Development, GPDO PREREQUISITES 10 years relevant biopharmaceutical experience  PhD in a scientific discipline Summary: Leadership position in Cell Therapy Development. Responsible for executing on global CMC development strategies and leading cross functional activities required for the technical development of cell therapy products. Working under the direction of the CMC Team Leader the short-term priorities are to execute on the delivery of the quality dossier to support a CAR T cell EU MAA and J-NDA, as well as to enable global clinical study programs in adult and pediatric patients. Provides committed and accountable leadership for assigned technical/functional deliverables. Works under the direction of the CMC Team Leader to support program specific development activities for Celgene cell therapy programs from candidate nomination throughout product life cycle. Partners closely with key stakeholders and works collaboratively across functional areas, and within external collaborations. The position is based in the US (Summit or Seattle). Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:Drive execution of the Global Project Teams and Joint Project Teams product-specific regulatory strategy for global CAR T cell program in EU, Asia-Pacific and ROW.Oversee the preparation of the quality documents to enable commercial filings across the territories, ensuring alignment of global documents with Celgene partners, and compliance with identified regulations and guidances. Write, review and approve documents as needed. Deliver documents to Regulatory CMC.Oversee the preparation of the quality documents to enable clinical trial submissions (CTA/IND/CTN) and amendments, as well as GMO submissions across the territories. Author and review responses to Health Authority questions, where needed liaise with relevant subject matter experts internally and externally.Interface effectively with Regulatory CMC to enable the review, approval and submission of regulatory documentsInteract with CMOs, collaboration partners, consultants, and national Celgene affiliates to ensure alignment around regulatory requirements and resulting operational design and regulatory submissions.Contribute to Health Authority briefing books and slide decks, may represent function in HA meetingsGuide, manage and participate in technical, CMC, operational and related aspects of the Celgene CAR T cell program in the EU, Asia-Pacific and ROW to identify or anticipate, manage and minimize regulatory risks.Represent cell therapy development on joint alliance workstream meetings.Elevate relevant discussions with the functional area management and global project team.Communicate effectively with Cell Therapy Development functions and with other Celgene stakeholders (Quality, Clinical, Regulatory, Translational, and Commercial Manufacturing and Supply Chain).Influence Celgenes global CMC strategy for CAR T cell technologies.Skills/Knowledge Required:PhD degree in Biological Science, Engineering, Pharmaceutics or other relevant scientific discipline10 years biopharmaceutical industry experience with a strong scientific focus, including experience in development of advanced therapy biologics/cell therapiesComprehensive understanding of product design and how development integrates and partners with key functional areas such as Quality, Clinical, Regulatory, Manufacturing and others.Proven ability to work effectively with cross-functional stakeholders (internal and external collaboration) in a complex/changing global environmentEffective communication, collaboration and negotiationProven ability to deliver on complex development plansAbility to understand and communicate risks, as well as developing and executing contingency plansGlobal mindset and willingness to travel Celgene is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Celgene complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act. All applicants must have authorization to work for Celgene in the U.S.'
b"Your Mission: The a Collaboration Tool Software Developer/Engineer is responsible for the implementation, configuration, administration and support of the collaboration tool (Jive is the tool) used by Medidata.  The incumbent will partner with functional departmental subject matter experts including the collaboration manager to configure/develop and support collaboration tools used within Medidata. Your Commitments: Core IT Responsibilities Manage ongoing Jive systems administration and related integrations to other systemsImplement changes to Jive in conformance with change control policyManaging assigned projects within budget and timelines setComplies with Corporate processes and departmental standardsManage user acceptance tasks, including testing documentsManage work orders that describe particular issues, software bugs or problemsObtain data from internal systems and develop reports in Tableau for reportingJive Tile API & Development Systems Ownership Own data integrity and security of assigned systemsOwn the data flow between assigned systems and external systemsEnsure that assigned systems are meeting minimum service levelsIncident Management and escalation of issues and outages Liaison with business partners Partners with assigned business owners to design, implement and manage collaboration solutions; all to work in compliance with Medidata\xe2\x80\x99s Standard Operating ProceduresImplementation of corporate technologies in alignment with business goalsHelps establish and monitor milestones, communicate essential information, coordinate associated activities, contribute information to team meetings and reports.Integrate solutions across functional lines, translate business needs into information technology (IT) solutions including computer platform, database, systems integration and securityYour Competencies:Experience identifying customer requirements and development of systems that support productivity improvements and enforce corporate policies and proceduresCollaborative, team spiritTotal commitment to quality and attention to detailExperience with APIs, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, SQL, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, SQL Server and object oriented programming languages (ideally Java).Your Education & Experience:Bachelor's degree required, preferably in Computer Science; or equivalent years of experienceexperience with SaaS business applicationsexperience configuring/developing custom tiles and integrations with Jive if you have worked with the product or alternatively experience with customizing, integrating, migrating etc. other collaboration tools like for example SharePoint, Confluence, Yammer etc.experience configuring/developing custom tiles and integrations with either Jive or some other collaboration toolPrefer experience working in a regulated environment Our Culture: Who we are  We know that creativity doesn't happen on-demand. Developing cutting-edge cloud technology takes great minds and talented people working together in a collaborative environment. That is why we are committed to fostering an innovative, agile company culture. We encourage our teams to come together and experiment with new concepts, research new approaches and test out new technologies. We believe that being part of our team will make a difference in the world.  Our Mission: Powering smarter treatments and healthier people.  Our Vision: To be the most innovative cloud company in Life Sciences.  Our Principles: Integrity, Partnership, Inventiveness, Humility, Nimbleness, Tenacity, Inclusiveness, and Caring. Our Leadership Drivers:THINK: Inspires purpose, articulates strategy, and simplifies complexityTEAM: Communicates effectively, builds relationships and collaborates with othersDO: Plans ahead, scales for growth, ensures accountabilityLEARN: Self-aware, values difference, strives to learnTEACH: Inspires work, coaches others, builds teams Our Industry: Where we play  Medidata is making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere by accelerating critical drug and medical device development. Our work ensures that life-saving drugs and medical devices get to market faster. We are a certified \xe2\x80\x9cGreat Place to Work\xe2\x80\x9d with highly engaged employees focused on improving the health outcomes of patients across the globe.  We develop cloud-based enterprise products and services and are a world leader driving the convergence of the Technology and Life Sciences industries, one of the most exciting areas for innovation globally. With annual revenue in 2016 of nearly $500 million, we are publicly traded (MDSO) with over 850 customers and customer retention rates above 99%. The Medidata Clinical Cloud\xc2\xae is the primary technology solution powering clinical trials for 18 of the world's top 25 global pharmaceutical companies and is used by 18 of the top 25 medical device developers\xe2\x80\x94from study design and planning through execution, management and reporting. Our customers include global pharmaceutical companies, biotech, diagnostic and device firms, leading academic medical centers, technical partners and contract research organizations.  By automating over 12,000 clinical trials to date, Medidata has the largest collection of clinical trial data in the world. Today, Medidata pioneers innovative, advanced applications and intelligent data analytics, bringing a new level of quality and efficiency to clinical trials. That means better treatments reach waiting patients sooner.  We know that diverse teams win. It is our diversity and inclusiveness that fuels innovation and sparks our passion and commitment to patient health. We are still led by our Co-founders, Tarek Sherif and Glen de Vries, and have global operations in US, Europe and Asia with over 1900 employees.  Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. LI-AS1"
b' Supplemental Health Care is a nationally recognized leading healthcare staffing provider, with over 30 years of experience; partnering with a Hospital in Trenton, New Jersey to provide a travel Emergency Room (ER) Registered Nurse (RN).  Excellent opportunities for an Emergency Room (ER) Registered Nurse (RN) in Trenton, NJ!  13-week travel RN contract (likely extension if desired)  36 hours per week (possible overtime)  Shift: 07:00 AM-7:00 PM Weekly PayExcellent Benefits (Medical, Dental, 401k etc.)License ReimbursementGreat experience to further your career. These positions will go quickly, please email your resume to prongo@supplementalhealthcare.com now to start the application process.  Or Apply Now to Start Immediately!  We staff all Registered Nurse (RN) units in a multitude of facilities nationwide.  For all career or staffing inquiries and Registered Nurse (RN) career consideration please:  Call or text Phillip Rongo at (716) 710-8335 or email your resume to prongo@supplementalhealthcare.com for immediate consideration. '

b'Here\xe2\x80\x99s what\xe2\x80\x99s possible for H&M VISUAL MERCHANDISERS:Yes, we are seeking Visual Merchandisers, but only those who refuse to settle. Those who are fearless of pressure. You see, Visual Merchandisers here do more than just style our fashion according to the H&M guidelines; they also work with the Store Manager and Management team to maximize sales. They also coach the Sales Advisors identifying and teaching new talent. Most importantly, they are charged with helping our stores make a great first impression every day. Because at the end of the day, we can only sell what inspires our customers and it\xe2\x80\x99s up to our Visual Merchandisers to show them what\xe2\x80\x99s possible at H&M.Title: Visual MerchandiserFunction: SalesDepartment: StoreReports to: Store Manager \xe2\x80\x93 dotted line to Store Visual Manager if applicableDirect Reports: NoneOverall Job Function: Responsible for presenting the garments according to the H&M guidelines in order to maximize sales with guidance and direction of Store Manager and management team.Job Responsibility including but not limited to:Customer ServiceProvide excellent direct and indirect customer service according to H&M standards and meet the 5 basic demands on the selling floor, in the fitting room and at the cash point.Job KnowledgeEnsure garment presentation and garment care are executed per H&M guidelines referenced in the below information sources:Commercial Handbook (Department Book & Seasonal Book)Visual Merchandising BookTechnical BookSales Tools & Store InformationProvide the season start information from Sales Organization and prepare the kickoff with the management teamUpdate the Commercial Handbook (Department Book & Seasonal Book) and Technical Book with the latest refill pagesPlan and implement all store campaigns and activities together with the store teamEnsure consistent garment care throughout the entire storeEfficiencyActively work in a commercial way to maximize sales, focusing on:  Top Priority Products, A-Areas and Basket items as well as ensuring a Red Thread is clearly demonstrated through the visual presentationEnsure that orders for display materials and supplies are placed in a timely mannerResponsible for the care and maintenance of display materialsKeep the visual room clean and organizedCheck the material arriving to the store in a timely fashion, confirming quantities, condition, etc.Minimize security and safety risksPlan and work with sales and operation goals to drive growthSupport in-store routines when necessaryTeam PlayerTrain, coach and give daily feedback on garment presentation to the store staffPlan and conduct the Keep It Commercial training together with the Department ManagerProvide label and design training for staff and managersInform store team about changes in the presentation of garmentsFinancial Accountability: NoneMinimum Candidate Qualifications:Associate\xe2\x80\x99s degree in a fashion industry specialty preferred2 years of retail visual merchandising experienceAbility to lift in excess of 20 poundsAbility to stand for long periods of time, bend, stretch, engage in repetitive motions, push, pull and carry items (mannequins, clothing, totes, torsos, etc.) for a short distanceAbility to climb a ladder and use a step stool Competencies: Strong visual merchandising skills and the ability to drive business through creativity, fashion consciousness and commercialityKnowledge of basic computer skillsAbility to provide day-to-day visual training and guidance through H&M\xe2\x80\x99s shared valuesAbility to work in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environmentExceptional customer service and interpersonal skillsStrong organizational and time management skillsStrong verbal communication skillsAble to work independently while still working within a team environmentMust be able to work with hand-and-power operated tools and lift in order to execute display setupsAbility to work flexible hours and extended hours at timesMay be required to travel to support other storesJob Status: Nonexempt, Hourly (Part-Time or Full-Time)EEOC Classification: SLSApply'
b" Up To $208,000 Average Annual 1099 Gross Earnings  (Apply to Philadelphia opening)  Loads of Work  Drive Your Revenue by Hauling Chemicals  Mileage Pay is $1.54 loaded and $1.10 empty + Fuel Surcharge Based upon National DOE average  2500 miles a week  Trimac will supply Owner Operator with a Pump and Compressor & Installation- NO COST TO OWNER  Omnitrac System installation- NO COST TO OWNER  Independence and Flexibility  As a Trimac Owner Operator, you'll have choices and unprecedented support you've never had before:  No forced dispatch  No Start Up Equipment Cost  Business Discount Advantages  Pay less for fuel, tires, and more through Trimac\xe2\x80\x99s Business to Business Discounts.  Fuel discounts with major truck stops: Love\xe2\x80\x99s, Flying J, and Pilot.  National account tire pricing on the brands you know and like.  Discounts on parts and service.  Trimac: Safety is our Core Value  We make Safety a part of every decision  We make Safety personal  We have the courage to intervene Requirements: Hazmat/Tanker/TWIC  1 year verifiable tractor trailer experience  No previous driving record involving consumption of illegal or intoxicating substances in the past 10 years  Not involved in a major preventable accident in the past 3 years  No more than 2 highway convictions in the past 2 years  Trimac Transportation is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to employment equity.  We value a diverse workforce and are committed to hiring practices that are fair and equitable. Walk-Ins Welcomed and Encouraged: Apply in person Monday -Friday 8am to 4pm or call to schedule an appointment.  3500 New Falls Road, Bristol, PA 19807"
b"PURPOSE AND SCOPE:The Inpatient Services RN functions as part of the Inpatient Services health care team to ensure provision of quality patient care in accordance with FMS policies, procedures, and training. Supports FMCNAs commitment to the Quality Enhancement Program (QEP) and Quality Assurance Initiative (QAI) Activities, including those related to patient satisfaction, through the delivery of care in a specialized care environment. Areas of practice are diverse, including, but not limited to, the fields of hemodialysis, peritoneal dialysis, continuous renal replacement therapies, and apheresis. Actively participates in process improvement activities that enhance the likelihood that patients will achieve the FMCNA Quality Enhancement Goals. Supports FMCNAs mission, vision, values, and customer service philosophy. Adheres to all requirements of the FMCNA Compliance Program, and FMS patient care and administrative policies, in addition to contracted hospitals policies and procedures. DUTIES / ACTIVITIES:CUSTOMER SERVICE:Responsible for driving the FMS culture through values and customer service standards.Accountable for outstanding customer service to all external and internal customers.Develops and maintains effective relationships through effective and timely communication. Takes initiative and action to respond, resolve and follow up regarding customer service issues with all customers in a timely manner.PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIESGeneral:Delivers safe and effective patient care in compliance with established company standards; hospital contracted policies and procedures, inpatient renal services policies and procedures, as well as regulations set forth by the corporation, state, and federal agencies. Responsible for reporting all new or unusual incidents, information, complaints, or problems to the pertinent inpatient program manager and other parties to notify per the Adverse Event Report requirements. Collaborates with diverse healthcare team.Provides and requests information from other team members as they receive and discharge patients from care according to policy.Initiates, documents, and completes ongoing QAI activities including monthly reports as directed by the relevant inpatient program manager Responsible for the compliance, support and delivery of all relevant company and contracted facility policies and procedures.Patient Care:Responsible for direct patient care of assigned patients in the Inpatient Renal Replacement and Apheresis Services setting and providing the appropriate treatment technique for assigned patients as prescribed in all modality procedures, as appropriately defined - hemodialysis, peritoneal dialysis, continuous renal replacement therapies, and apheresis. Responsible for assessing patient and family understanding of therapy regimen and conducting ongoing education for patients and their families regarding any assessed misunderstandings of therapy requirements facing the inpatient.Assesses patients responses to treatment therapy making appropriate adjustments and modifications to the treatment plan as indicated by the appropriately credentialed physician. Communicates problems or concerns to the inpatient program manager, appropriately credentialed physician, patient hospital primary nurse and others as indicated. Provides, supervises (if applicable), and monitors vascular/peritoneal access care according to established procedures. Responsible for the implementation, administration, monitoring, and documentation of patient's response to prescribed intradialytic transfusions, including appropriate notification of adverse reactions to physician and appropriate blood supplier.Collaborates and communicates with physicians and other members of the healthcare team to interpret, adjust, and coordinate daily patient care plan to ensure continuity of care.Initiates and coordinates communication to FMS facility nursing staff and appropriate hospital personnel as needed. Ensures all physician orders are transcribed and entered into the medical record in a timely manner. Accurately documents all treatment information in the individual patient record. Reports any significant patient information to the correct health care team member(s) including the physician etc.May be assigned in-center patients on an as needed basis.Instructs hospital/facility staff on aspects of specialized care related to renal replacement and apheresis therapies.Appropriately completes any required documentation and contacts the inpatients chronic facility before hospital discharge to discuss the events of the hospitalization.Maintenance/Technical:Promotes and assists in the maintenance of a safe and clean working environment maintaining environmental integrity and aesthetics.Cleans and disinfects dialysis machine surface, chair, equipment, and surrounding areas between treatments according to inpatient renal services policies and procedures.Conducts all tasks necessary for preparation for dialysis treatment and documents where appropriate.Performs all required pre-treatment dialysis machine alarm testing, including Pressure Holding Test (PHT).If applicable, initiates solution delivery system (SDS).Prepares, organizes, and efficiently utilizes supplies and equipment to prevent waste.Operates all related equipment appropriately and safely and provides minor trouble-shooting when necessaryEnsures familiarity with company, inpatient renal services program and contracted hospital emergency procedures.Understands, conducts and documents appropriately dialysis/apheresis machine safety tests/alarm tests, equipment calibration, dialysate testing, machine safety tests, functional testing, and internal and external disinfection on all water machines, and complies with documentation/notification standards per FMS policies. Clerical & AdministrativeCompletes and documents ongoing participation in QAI activities.Enters all treatment data into the designated medical record thoroughly, accurately and in a timely manner.Reviews treatment documentation for completeness, ensure nursing signatures are documented, and ensures omitted entries are completed or corrected where appropriate.Staff Related:Provides supervisory delegation of patient care to Inpatient Renal Services Patient Care Technicians as appropriate providing expertise and informal feedback as needed. May provide input to the PCTs annual performance evaluation. Participates in staff meetings as scheduled.Participates in the patients daily plan of care. Acts as a resource for all staff members as needed.Collaborates with FMS employees in a collegial manner to improve patient outcomes.Participates in staff training and orientation as assigned. Other: Other duties as assigned within state, federal and contractual standardsADDENDUM - ULTRACARE INPATIENT RN 1Essential Nursing Functions with descriptions of expected behaviors:POSITION SUMMARYThe registered professional nurse (UltraCare Inpatient RN 1) is accountable and responsible for the provision and coordination of clinically competent care for an assigned group of patients that includes assessment, planning, intervention and evaluation. As a part of the End Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) health care team, the UltraCare Inpatient RN 1 participates in decision-making, teaching, leadership functions, and quality improvement activities that enhance patient care outcomes and facility operations. The UltraCare Inpatient RN 1 relies on the experience, judgment and support of others while developing knowledge in CKD nursing practice. The UltraCare Inpatient RN 1 performs all essential functions under the direction of the Clinical Manager and with the guidance from the Educator, Preceptor or an UltraCare Inpatient RN 2, 3, 4 or 5.Assessment: Performs ongoing, systematic collection and analysis of Patient DataAssesses patient status on admission and throughout patients treatment to obtain data that integrates patients CKD 5 diagnoses, physical/psychosocial findings, patient/family perceptions of illness and cultural value systemsAssesses patient/familys basic learning needs upon admission and throughout outpatient care related to diagnosis and treatmentCollects pertinent data in a systematic and ongoing process using appropriate evidence based assessment techniques, instruments, monitors and toolsInvolves the patient in data collection and includes the family as appropriatePrioritization of data collection activities is determined by the patients immediate condition or anticipated needsRecognizes aspects of patient status that vary from normal and reports to appropriate health team members for inputDocuments relevant data in a retrievable formatOutcomes Identification and Planning: Develops a Plan of Care that prioritizes care using an interdisciplinary approach a.) Utilizes basic knowledge of current nursing practice in CKD 5 to carry out developed care plan and provides for continuity of care b.) Relies on FMS Quality Enhancement Program metrics to establish expected outcomes from the diagnoses c.) Develops daily treatment plan in conjunction with patient and interdisciplinary team, as appropriate d.) Documents the plan in a retrievable formatImplementation: Implements nursing and prescribed medical interventions identified in the plan of care and evaluates patient/family response to treatment Delivers safe, effective care in a timely and efficient mannerCommunicates pertinent patient/family information to members of the interdisciplinary team timely and efficientlyDocuments interventions and any modifications of the identified plan of care in a clear, concise and timely manner Evaluation: Evaluates the patients progress toward attainment of goals, ( the UltraCare Inpatient RN 1 seeks assistance from the CM and or UltraCare Inpatient RN levels 2-5 )Evaluates effectiveness of plan of care and interventions in relation to progress toward identified outcomes Uses ongoing assessment data to revise outcomes and the plan of care as appropriateInvolves the patient, family and the interdisciplinary team in the evaluation process, as appropriateDocuments the results of the evaluationTime Management: Process of planning exercising conscious control over the amount of time spent on certain activities, to increase effectiveness, efficiency or productivityGives organized, concise shift reports for patients on assigned shiftUtilizes down time for the promotion of patient and company goalsAbility to accomplish work within the assigned shiftOrganizes and prioritizes assigned workload and care of the patientsPHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS:The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Day to day work includes desk work, computer work and interaction with patients, facility/hospital staff and physicians. The position requires travel between assigned facilities and various locations within the community and travel to regional meetings may be required. Position requires on-call rotation. (Night, Weekend or as defined by individual program needs).The work environment is characteristic of a health care facility with air temperature control and moderate noise levels. There is potential exposure to potentially infectious material and contagious diseases/material. Position provides direct patient care which regularly involves heavy lifting, moving of patients, and assisting with ambulation(equipment aids and coworkers may provide assistance). It requires prolonged periods of standing, the ability to bend (provisions to reduce bending, i.e. stool can be made available), to move machines and equipment > 200 lbs., and may lift chemical and water solutions of up to 30 lbs up as high as 5 feet. There is a two-person assist program and material assist devices for the heavier items.EDUCATIONGraduate of an accredited School of Nursing.Current appropriate state licensure.Maintains acquired knowledge and remains current in advancements in nephrology - in particular, relative to inpatient careMust meet the practice requirements in the state in which he or she is employed.Certification in Nephrology Nursing, Apheresis Nursing or both is highly encouragedEXPERIENCE AND REQUIRED SKILLSOne year RN experience required and required nursing skills. Minimum 6 months nephrology experience required before working independently with no other Dialysis RNs.6 months dialysis preferred if working alongside another Dialysis RN.6 months dialysis experience required to be on-call.Demonstrated strong assessment skills related to the critically ill patient.Demonstrated ability to use critical thinking skills independently as identified by International Profile.ICU experience preferred but not required.Successful completion of a training course in the theory and practice of care of the ESRD patient. Basic Dialysis Education programBLS CPR recognition.Satisfactorily completes the Inpatient Renal Replacement and Apheresis Education program as described by their position.Demonstrates ability to complete self directed learning, ability to delegate patient care appropriately, ability to communicate with MDs, RNs, and Hospital Personnel and ability to intervene and treat complications and emergencies independently.Demonstrates organizational and time management skills, and a competency toward completing continuing and ongoing renal/nephrology education.Displays leadership skills and ability to direct others.Successful completion of all required competency testing and skills validationEmployees must meet the necessary requirements of Ishihara's Color Blindness test as a condition of employment.Familiarity with all emergency operational procedures.Successful completion of Nurses Technical Training. EO/AA Employer: Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity "
b" Toggle navigation Home Jobs Our team Company website Job openings Field Service Technician Field Service Technician  Job description Our service organization is looking for a Field Service Technician who wants to be part of an award winning service team. Job Responsibilities:Maintenance and repair of digital copiers/printersTrouble shoot/diagnose digital copier/printer problems in a connected environmentProvide a high level of customer service and follow throughDrive to customer locationsMaintain a high level of integrity and professionalismLearn and continue education of products/necessary skills to perform the jobRequirements Qualified candidates will possess:Knowledge of PC's and network environmentsGood mechanical and electrical aptitudeExcellent trouble shooting skillsOutstanding customer service skillsGood oral and written communication skillsStrong work ethicGood organizational skills and a self-motivatorStrong desire to be part of a great service team with lots of opportunityNew York City \xe2\x80\x93 Non-Driving Territory  Long Island, Brooklyn, Queens and Staten Island - Driving territories (valid driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and automobile are required) Apply for this Job Apply for this Job  Apply with LinkedIn  Apply with Indeed  Apply with Indeed Share this job opening Linkedin Facebook Twitter Google+"
b'Plainfield SSAT Tutor Jobs Varsity Tutors is always looking for bright individuals in Plainfield who are passionate about mentoring others. Aside from having knowledge in a subject area, tutors should also be friendly, articulate, and punctual. Working with Varsity Tutors in Plainfield includes several benefits, such as the flexibility to schedule your own sessions , and to set your own tutoring load. We put forth great effort to match students to the right tutors, resulting in relationships that provide for great learning environments.  What do we look for in a tutor? Excellent communication skills and a friendly personalityAcademic background in subject areas you wish to tutorAbility to personalize lessons for each student'
b' TeamHealth has an excellent leadership opportunity for a full-time Physician to lead our well-established OB/Gyn Hospitalist team at JFK Medical Center in Edison, New Jersey. Put the passion back into your practice lifestyle by taking control of your time. Full-time entails providing a minimum of six to eight 24-hour in-house shifts per month in addition to participating once to twice per week in the support of a Federally Qualified Clinic-FQHC in Plainfield, New Jersey. This includes providing outpatient care, prenatal and postpartum, as well as Gyn services. The ideal candidate must be comfortable working with and supporting Certified Nurse Midwifes. We ask that you be Board Certified in Ob/Gyn and demonstrate clinical excellence with superior communication skills, and a focus on providing quality care placing the patient above all other considerations. Other qualifications also include active and current skills in the full breadth of the Ob/Gyn specialty, and a current New Jersey license to practice. Additional requirements include a willingness to drive patient safety and quality initiatives as required by the TeamHealth Patient Safety Organization, insurability for malpractice insurance, and at least 3 years of active practice with a successful track record. TeamHealth is the industry leader in providing integrated hospital-based services offering the ability to grow professionally through CME and training created and provided by the TeamHealth Institute.'
b'Job Category Registered Nurse Profession Endoscopy SpecialtyShift8 DDuration 13 Weeks Start DateASAPPay Rate$36.00 - $39.00Job Description & RequirementsEndoscopy Nurse - Travel - (Endo RN) This Endoscopy unit boasts the latest in advanced technology housed within a caring and effective patient care model. Required Qualifications NJ lic in hand . License # and expiration date required. BLS,ACLSPreferred Qualifications Call for details. About the Facility Call for details. Facility Location The home of Rutgers University, this bustling college town boasts the countrys largest medical school, two premiere academic hospitals and an abundance of cultural activities. Less than an hours drive from New York City, New Brunswick offers innovative theatre, arts and entertainment, a vibrant downtown, great shopping and a relaxed pace of living. Job Benefits At American Mobile Healthcare we take care of our travelers! We offer:  Competitive pay rates Free, quality, private housing Medical, Dental, Vision 401(k) and Flex Spending Life Insurance Accident and Short-term Disability Coverage Free Continuing Education Refer a friend and earn extra cash!About the Company Since its inception in 1985, American Mobile Healthcare has set the highest standards in professional recruitment for the travel healthcare industry. Our professional staffing team offers unparalleled customer service and industry commitment, as well as top pay and benefits. American Mobile Healthcare is an EEO/AA/Disability/Protected Veteran Employer. We encourage minority and female applicants to apply '
b"Customer Service Representative \xe2\x80\x93 PricelinePriceline.com is one of the most recognized and talked about brands in the travel space, and one of the fastest growing. The Priceline Group sells more hotel room nights than any other travel company in the world. Their brands expand the gamut of travel products and have extensive reach across the globe. Founded in 1998 at the birth of the internet age,priceline.com shook online travel into motion and challenged the status quo with its bold and innovative entrepreneurial spirit. With its breakthrough Name Your Own Price feature,priceline.com quickly became the traveler's cool best friend. Priceline.com added published-price travel and took it up another notch. The view from the Empire State Building. The Las Vegas Strip at night. Sunsets in Baja. Croissants in Paris. The whole world was now just a click away for price-conscious travel consumers everywhere.As a customer care agent for Priceline, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the opportunity to help customers with Priceline\xe2\x80\x99s products, working from the comfort of your own home. Compensation starts at $10 hourly. We are looking for agents who are good at multi-tasking, have good customer service skills, and are empathetic people by nature. Having travel experience is a plus. If these qualities describe you, please consider applying for this position.We are looking for people like you to join our ever-growing network of independent contractors, and there is great earning potential for you at NexRep.If this sounds appealing to you, please click \xe2\x80\x9capply\xe2\x80\x9d to be redirected to our online form. Please ensure you fully complete your form after being re-directed to this page to be considered for this role. Thank you for your interest in NexRep!"
b'Bio-Shine Inc. has built a reputation over the past 26 years as one of the industry\xe2\x80\x99s finest mid-sized Janitorial Supply Companies, featuring many exclusive lines and unique products that separate us from our competition. We are also one of the few Janitorial Supply Companies that have their own in-house equipment service center along with our exclusive website for parts ordering. We are currently looking for a motivated Customer Service / Purchasing Assistant to fill an open position. Customer Service Responsibilities: \xe2\x80\xa2 Your main priority is to work with 2 top producing sales-reps to expedite their sales orders.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Help sales reps put on sales orders when they are in the field & convert their quotes to orders.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Help the sales reps procure odd ball items via the internet. Purchasing Responsibilities: \xe2\x80\xa2 Enter new purchase orders for vendors.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Call and/or email vendors to check availability, pricing, ETAs.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Follow up on back orders on purchase orders.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Communicate any issues with open purchase orders to sales reps and/or customers.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Match purchase orders to vendor order acknowledgments and follow up.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Process returns to vendors.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Input new items on our system with correct descriptions, part#, pricing, etc.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Go through our vast data bank of inventory items and update pricing. Ideal candidate must possess the following skills: \xe2\x80\xa2 Must be proficient in Microsoft Excel and be able to use V-lookup  \xe2\x80\xa2 Knowledge of other Microsoft products, Word, Outlook etc.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Must be able to type at least 50 words per minute.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Must be able to work from 7am to 3:30pm M-F and be flexible to work overtime.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Must have excellent grammar skills.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to prioritize, multi-task and work well in a team environment.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Have the proper skills to handle a multitude of emails, written and oral correspondences.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Outstanding customer service skills, strong work ethic and meticulous attention to detail.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to demonstrate creativity, flexibility and initiative in a fast-paced environment.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to anticipate and assist in resolving situations with minimum guidance.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Special projects and other duties as assigned as this role may evolve over time.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Being bilingual in Spanish/English is not required, but would be a positive attribute. Experience/Education: \xe2\x80\xa2 Minimum high school diploma required, college degree preferred.  \xe2\x80\xa2 Minimum 2-5 years supporting managers in a corporate environment.Compensation:SalaryUSD $35,000 - 45,000 Per Year7 Sick/Personal Days5 Vacation Days 1st YearHealth - Dental - Vision401 K Looking forward to reviewing your resumes. Please NO Phone Calls.  David Matisoff  VP or Sales & Operations'
b' Operational Account Manager \xe2\x80\x93 Central NJ (Ocean, Monmouth, Middlesex, and possibly Somerset Counties)  If you are a self-motivated, operationally service driven individual, looking to take their career to the next level, then this may be the opportunity for you. Capital Contractors, an 85-year-old industry leader in commercial cleaning and facility services, is hiring an operational Account Manager in Central NJ. We are looking for a customer focused individual, committed to building strong and successful partnerships with both our customers and our contractors, through our managed services program.  HIGHLIGHTS  \xc2\xb7 When: Immediate hire  \xc2\xb7 Generous base pay + commissions+ bonuses  \xc2\xb7 Company Credit Card for all fuel expenses and maintenance  \xc2\xb7 Company phone and tablet  \xc2\xb7 Individual coaching and support  \xc2\xb7 Quarterly Operations Contest  \xc2\xb7 Insurance, 401(k) plan, paid vacation and more after 90 days  Key Responsibilities:  \xc2\xb7 Successfully launching and maintaining client accounts  \xc2\xb7 Completing regular service inspections of client locations and tracking and resolving issues.  \xc2\xb7 Identifying and selling additional services to our existing clients  \xc2\xb7 Must be willing to work some nights and weekends to ensure successful service execution  \xc2\xb7 Must maintain and update customer records in our CRM.  Skills & Experience required:  \xc2\xb7 PLUS: Commercial Cleaning or Facility Services Experience  \xc2\xb7 PLUS: Bilingual in English and Spanish  \xc2\xb7 Customer Service Skills  \xc2\xb7 Time Management Skills  \xc2\xb7 Proactive and self-motivated  \xc2\xb7 Reliable transportation to navigate territory Apply today: Eileen Gonzalez  Director of Recruiting'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Millburn Village  2933 Vauxhall Rd  Vauxhall, NJ 07088 '
b'Job Descriptionbackground in workday implementationKey Responsibilities:Coordinate and lead project activities with support of a local project team that at a minimum consists of a Payroll, HR and IT LeadDevelop and manage the country project plan using the common project management tools, across all functional work streamsEnsure project plan and project activities are alignedEnsure that project is resourced adequatelyProvide direction and guidance to project team to realize expected valueManages weekly project management rhythms and reporting, perform project progress and milestone tracking, report on project changes and overdue activities, perform issue reporting, propose issue mitigationsProvides regular program status reports, including open issues, risks and scope changesHelps to resolve issues and escalates issues to regional leaders as neededCaptures and tracks issues and action items, and documents resolution in issues log'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Mews at Garwood  504 North Ave  Garwood, NJ 07027 '
b' A unique direct selling opportunity! Traveling Vineyard Wine Guides host in-home wine tastings and market Traveling Vineyard\xe2\x80\x99s exclusive, award-winning wines and wine accessories. A Traveling Vineyard wine tasting is an experience designed to introduce wine lovers and wine newbies to a wide spectrum of wines, give them tips on how to enjoy wine, and demonstrate the magic that happens when the right wine is paired with the right food. A Traveling Vineyard Wine Guide doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have to be a wine expert to have a successful career in wine! Our nationwide team is made up of men and women wine entrepreneurs\xe2\x80\x94from part-time stay-at-home moms to retirees\xe2\x80\x94who are seeking a job that offers financial reward, flexibility, personal fulfillment, friendship and FUN. Must be 21.'
b"Job Description:Remove seat covers from airplane seats and replace them with new clean seat covers. These seat covers are attached with Velcro and require pressure/force to remove and replace them. Ink Wipes& Deep Cleans involves scrubbing leather seat covers with a diluted solution of a designated chemical (based on airline specs), water, scrub brush and towel. Ink and gum remover are used for stain/gum removal. Position requires frequent bending, reaching, grabbing, pushing, pulling, walking, climbing, standing, squatting/kneeling, twisting/turning and repetitive movement. Must climb steps& carry 25lbs frequently& 40lbs occasionally. Work is performed inside the aircraft but must be accessed from the airport ramp, which is exposed to outdoor weather conditions and loud noises.Minimum requirements:*Must be at least 18 years of age.*Able to pass a drug test/ background check and be able to obtain airport security clearance.*Speak and understand English*Available to work overnights (6:00 PM - 6:00 AM), full weekends and holidays.*Possess a valid Driver's License for at least 1 year, with a clean driving record (w/out LOFS 21 Restriction).Our benefits package includes:* Competitive salary* Free uniforms* Paid training* Paid time off* Holiday pay* Medical, Dental and Vision insurance* Life insurance* 401K (after one year of service for employees who are 21 years of age and up).* Employees may be eligible for Verizon and AT&T discountsAccuFleet International is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.AAP/EEO STATEMENT:It is the policy of AccuFleet to provide equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected characteristic under applicable law. This policy relates to all phases of employment, including, but not limited to, recruiting, employment, placement, promotion, transfer, demotion, reduction of workforce and termination, rates of pay or other forms of compensation, selection for training, the use of all facilities, and participation in all company-sponsored employee activities. Provisions in applicable laws providing for bona fide occupational qualifications, business necessity or age limitations will be adhered to by the company where appropriate."
b' Summary Event Specialist Part Time Sales Are you outgoing, friendly and enjoy meeting new people? Our part time Event Specialist jobs are fun and exciting and could be a great fit for you! Join our winning team as a retail demonstrator promoting best in class products at your local retailers. You can be the brand ambassador who excels in captivating an audience during in-store events, with an emphasis on brand awareness, product demonstration and sales. The in-store demonstrator is responsible for reviewing program materials, set up and break down of the work area, and the preparation and sampling of products on scheduled event days. Take this chance to join the largest sales and marketing agency in North America, Advantage Solutions, where you will receive top-notch training and competitive pay rates. Responsibilities:Set up, break down, product preparation and sampling during in-store demonstrationsGenerate brand awareness and positive product impressions to increase salesAssess customer\xe2\x80\x99s individual usage needs and interests in order to best recommend productsTimely complete of all call reports, paperwork, and on-going personal training by required deadlinesQualifications:High School Diploma preferred or equivalent job-related experienceExperience in event marketing, demonstrations, sales, brand promotion or retail/groceryInteract in a friendly, enthusiastic, energetic and outgoing manner with management, clients, and consumers in any settingStand comfortably for up to 6 hours a dayAble to work independently and as a motivated team playerAbility to work a part-time retail schedule, Monday through SundayMinimal travel required for training or other scheduled eventsDaily access to a PC computer with internet/email access Advantage Solutions is one of North America\xe2\x80\x99s leading sales and marketing agencies specializing in outsourced sales, merchandising, category management and marketing services to manufacturers, suppliers and producers of food products and consumer packaged goods. Advantage Solutions services a variety of trade channels including grocery, mass merchandise, specialty, convenience, drug, dollar, club, hardware, consumer electronics and home centers. We bridge the gap between manufacturers and retailers, providing consumers access to the best products available in the marketplace today.  Advantage Sales and Marketing, LLC dba Advantage Solutions is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. #WES1 Responsibilities'
b'Other Locations:US- NJ- Warren DescriptionCelgene is a global biopharmaceutical company leading the way in medical innovation to help patients live longer, better lives. Our purpose as a company is to discover and develop therapies that will change the course of human health. We value our passion for patients, quest for innovation, spirit of independence and love of challenge. With a presence in more than 70 countries, and growing - we look for talented people to grow our business, advance our science and contribute to our unique culture.Senior Manager, Cell Therapy Development - CAR-TWarren, NJDEPARTMENT Cell Therapy Development, GPDO PREREQUISITES 10 years relevant biopharmaceutical experience  PhD in a scientific discipline Summary: Leadership position in Cell Therapy Development. Responsible for executing on global CMC development strategies and leading cross functional activities required for the technical development of cell therapy products. Working under the direction of the CMC Team Leader the short-term priorities are to execute on the delivery of the quality dossier to support a CAR T cell EU MAA and J-NDA, as well as to enable global clinical study programs in adult and pediatric patients. Provides committed and accountable leadership for assigned technical/functional deliverables. Works under the direction of the CMC Team Leader to support program specific development activities for Celgene cell therapy programs from candidate nomination throughout product life cycle. Partners closely with key stakeholders and works collaboratively across functional areas, and within external collaborations. The position is based in the US (Summit or Seattle). Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:Drive execution of the Global Project Teams and Joint Project Teams product-specific regulatory strategy for global CAR T cell program in EU, Asia-Pacific and ROW.Oversee the preparation of the quality documents to enable commercial filings across the territories, ensuring alignment of global documents with Celgene partners, and compliance with identified regulations and guidances. Write, review and approve documents as needed. Deliver documents to Regulatory CMC.Oversee the preparation of the quality documents to enable clinical trial submissions (CTA/IND/CTN) and amendments, as well as GMO submissions across the territories. Author and review responses to Health Authority questions, where needed liaise with relevant subject matter experts internally and externally.Interface effectively with Regulatory CMC to enable the review, approval and submission of regulatory documentsInteract with CMOs, collaboration partners, consultants, and national Celgene affiliates to ensure alignment around regulatory requirements and resulting operational design and regulatory submissions.Contribute to Health Authority briefing books and slide decks, may represent function in HA meetingsGuide, manage and participate in technical, CMC, operational and related aspects of the Celgene CAR T cell program in the EU, Asia-Pacific and ROW to identify or anticipate, manage and minimize regulatory risks.Represent cell therapy development on joint alliance workstream meetings.Elevate relevant discussions with the functional area management and global project team.Communicate effectively with Cell Therapy Development functions and with other Celgene stakeholders (Quality, Clinical, Regulatory, Translational, and Commercial Manufacturing and Supply Chain).Influence Celgenes global CMC strategy for CAR T cell technologies.Skills/Knowledge Required:PhD degree in Biological Science, Engineering, Pharmaceutics or other relevant scientific discipline10 years biopharmaceutical industry experience with a strong scientific focus, including experience in development of advanced therapy biologics/cell therapiesComprehensive understanding of product design and how development integrates and partners with key functional areas such as Quality, Clinical, Regulatory, Manufacturing and others.Proven ability to work effectively with cross-functional stakeholders (internal and external collaboration) in a complex/changing global environmentEffective communication, collaboration and negotiationProven ability to deliver on complex development plansAbility to understand and communicate risks, as well as developing and executing contingency plansGlobal mindset and willingness to travel Celgene is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Celgene complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act. All applicants must have authorization to work for Celgene in the U.S.'


b" Up To $208,000 Average Annual 1099 Gross Earnings  (Apply to Philadelphia opening)  Loads of Work  Drive Your Revenue by Hauling Chemicals  Mileage Pay is $1.54 loaded and $1.10 empty + Fuel Surcharge Based upon National DOE average  2500 miles a week  Trimac will supply Owner Operator with a Pump and Compressor & Installation- NO COST TO OWNER  Omnitrac System installation- NO COST TO OWNER  Independence and Flexibility  As a Trimac Owner Operator, you'll have choices and unprecedented support you've never had before:  No forced dispatch  No Start Up Equipment Cost  Business Discount Advantages  Pay less for fuel, tires, and more through Trimac\xe2\x80\x99s Business to Business Discounts.  Fuel discounts with major truck stops: Love\xe2\x80\x99s, Flying J, and Pilot.  National account tire pricing on the brands you know and like.  Discounts on parts and service.  Trimac: Safety is our Core Value  We make Safety a part of every decision  We make Safety personal  We have the courage to intervene Requirements: Hazmat/Tanker/TWIC  1 year verifiable tractor trailer experience  No previous driving record involving consumption of illegal or intoxicating substances in the past 10 years  Not involved in a major preventable accident in the past 3 years  No more than 2 highway convictions in the past 2 years  Trimac Transportation is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to employment equity.  We value a diverse workforce and are committed to hiring practices that are fair and equitable. Walk-Ins Welcomed and Encouraged: Apply in person Monday -Friday 8am to 4pm or call to schedule an appointment.  3500 New Falls Road, Bristol, PA 19807"
b" Toggle navigation Home Jobs Our team Company website Job openings Field Service Technician Field Service Technician  Job description Our service organization is looking for a Field Service Technician who wants to be part of an award winning service team. Job Responsibilities:Maintenance and repair of digital copiers/printersTrouble shoot/diagnose digital copier/printer problems in a connected environmentProvide a high level of customer service and follow throughDrive to customer locationsMaintain a high level of integrity and professionalismLearn and continue education of products/necessary skills to perform the jobRequirements Qualified candidates will possess:Knowledge of PC's and network environmentsGood mechanical and electrical aptitudeExcellent trouble shooting skillsOutstanding customer service skillsGood oral and written communication skillsStrong work ethicGood organizational skills and a self-motivatorStrong desire to be part of a great service team with lots of opportunityNew York City \xe2\x80\x93 Non-Driving Territory  Long Island, Brooklyn, Queens and Staten Island - Driving territories (valid driver\xe2\x80\x99s license and automobile are required) Apply for this Job Apply for this Job  Apply with LinkedIn  Apply with Indeed  Apply with Indeed Share this job opening Linkedin Facebook Twitter Google+"
b' TeamHealth has an excellent leadership opportunity for a full-time Physician to lead our well-established OB/Gyn Hospitalist team at JFK Medical Center in Edison, New Jersey. Put the passion back into your practice lifestyle by taking control of your time. Full-time entails providing a minimum of six to eight 24-hour in-house shifts per month in addition to participating once to twice per week in the support of a Federally Qualified Clinic-FQHC in Plainfield, New Jersey. This includes providing outpatient care, prenatal and postpartum, as well as Gyn services. The ideal candidate must be comfortable working with and supporting Certified Nurse Midwifes. We ask that you be Board Certified in Ob/Gyn and demonstrate clinical excellence with superior communication skills, and a focus on providing quality care placing the patient above all other considerations. Other qualifications also include active and current skills in the full breadth of the Ob/Gyn specialty, and a current New Jersey license to practice. Additional requirements include a willingness to drive patient safety and quality initiatives as required by the TeamHealth Patient Safety Organization, insurability for malpractice insurance, and at least 3 years of active practice with a successful track record. TeamHealth is the industry leader in providing integrated hospital-based services offering the ability to grow professionally through CME and training created and provided by the TeamHealth Institute.'
b"Customer Service Representative \xe2\x80\x93 PricelinePriceline.com is one of the most recognized and talked about brands in the travel space, and one of the fastest growing. The Priceline Group sells more hotel room nights than any other travel company in the world. Their brands expand the gamut of travel products and have extensive reach across the globe. Founded in 1998 at the birth of the internet age,priceline.com shook online travel into motion and challenged the status quo with its bold and innovative entrepreneurial spirit. With its breakthrough Name Your Own Price feature,priceline.com quickly became the traveler's cool best friend. Priceline.com added published-price travel and took it up another notch. The view from the Empire State Building. The Las Vegas Strip at night. Sunsets in Baja. Croissants in Paris. The whole world was now just a click away for price-conscious travel consumers everywhere.As a customer care agent for Priceline, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the opportunity to help customers with Priceline\xe2\x80\x99s products, working from the comfort of your own home. Compensation starts at $10 hourly. We are looking for agents who are good at multi-tasking, have good customer service skills, and are empathetic people by nature. Having travel experience is a plus. If these qualities describe you, please consider applying for this position.We are looking for people like you to join our ever-growing network of independent contractors, and there is great earning potential for you at NexRep.If this sounds appealing to you, please click \xe2\x80\x9capply\xe2\x80\x9d to be redirected to our online form. Please ensure you fully complete your form after being re-directed to this page to be considered for this role. Thank you for your interest in NexRep!"
b'Plainfield Languages Tutor Jobs Varsity Tutors is always looking for bright individuals in Plainfield who are passionate about mentoring others. Aside from having knowledge in a subject area, tutors should also be friendly, articulate, and punctual. Working with Varsity Tutors in Plainfield includes several benefits, such as the flexibility to schedule your own sessions , and to set your own tutoring load. We put forth great effort to match students to the right tutors, resulting in relationships that provide for great learning environments.  What do we look for in a tutor? Excellent communication skills and a friendly personalityAcademic background in subject areas you wish to tutorAbility to personalize lessons for each student'
b' Iselin, NJ  Provident Bank, a multi billion dollar NJ with branches in NJ and eastern PA, is seeking an experienced CRE underwriter with management experience for an opportunity in our Iselin, NJ administrative office. Candidates must have at least five years CRE underwriting experience plus supervisory experience to be considered. POSITION SUMMARY Under general direction from the Director of Commercial Credit Underwriting, this position manages the CRE underwriting team and all underwriting recommendations, within agreed policies pertaining to overall standards, credit quality, portfolio mix and asset classes. Ensures timely turnaround of deals assigned to CRE Loan Analysts by proper scheduling of assignments and balancing workload. Conducts periodic review, in line with company policies, of portfolios, policies and processes. In addition, this position will manage the appraisal and environmental review processes which are outsourced.. MAJOR JOB RESPONSIBILITIESManage appraisal and evaluation process for all commercial lending areas of the Bank which is currently outsourced to an appraisal review firm. Manage environmental reports from third parties for all commercial lending areas of the bank. This will include making recommendations to include or remove appraisers and environmental consultants from the Bank\xe2\x80\x99s approved list to the appropriate levels  30%Assist the Director of Credit Underwriting in managing day-to-day credit activities as it pertains to department workflow of the CRE Commercial Credit Underwriting Department.  10%Consistently reviews department workflow and analysis product for efficiency and effectiveness. Interact with CRE lending staff and department head.  35%Acts as a mentor to the CRE underwriting team and train less experienced loan analysts. Participates in special projects as assigned; will prepare annual performance reviews of CRE underwriting staff  25%SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES Supervises the team of CRE Loan Analysts. This includes interviewing, training and managing staff of 5 to 7 underwriters; planning, assigning and directing work; and addressing and resolving employee complaints and concerns. SKILLS AND TRAINING Strong commercial real estate credit underwriting and risk analysis skills.  Strong analytical skills with ability to highlight and mitigate risks.  Strong communication skills necessary to effectively interact with department heads and lending officers and effectively assist in mentoring and training staff.  Proficient in Commercial Real Estate Lending, including loan structure and appropriate credit analytical tools.  Ability to conduct meetings, effectively present information and respond to questions from peers, auditors and various levels of management.  Competent managerial skills as well as the ability to exercise judgment and resourcefulness in resolving employee questions and issues.  Excellent computer skills, including strong knowledge of and the ability to practically apply modern office software.  Ability to prioritize multiple projects. EDUCATION Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Accounting, Finance or Business Administration. MBA preferred WORK EXPERIENCE 5 to 10 years in banking or financial services industry with 3 to 5 years directly in CRE Credit.  Must have prior managerial experience. LICENSES AND/OR CERTIFICATESLicenses and CertificationsExpiration Date None required WORKING CONDITIONS Work is performed in a normal office environment. Noise levels are usually moderate. HAZARDS The hazards are mainly those present in a normal office setting. This job description may not be all-inclusive. Employees are expected to perform other duties as assigned and directed by management. Job descriptions and duties may be modified when deemed appropriate by management.Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, Indiivduals with Disabilities and LGBTQ*LI-POST'
b'Job DescriptionAt Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Wealth and Investment Management (WIM) businesses build enduring client relationships through sound, thoughtful and objective advice. We help our clients by developing individualized plans for everything from retirement goals to business succession planning, to family legacy intentions. Services include comprehensive planning and advice, investment management, brokerage, private banking, estate planning strategies, trust, insurance and both individual and institutional retirement.  Provides marketing and service support to Financial Advisors (FAs) in addition to providing up to 25% supervisory review for the store and other support staff. Utilizes experience as a Reg Client Assoc to anticipate and proactively seek resolutions to client operational/service inquires. Exercises seasoned judgment by handling complex clients and their requests with a high degree of professionalism. Duties may include: opening accounts and processing paperwork; working with internal departments and/or directly with the clients in solving service/operational issues; providing info regarding procedural, product, or marketing questions; processing the movement of funds and securities; scheduling appointments for new and existing clients; monitoring and tracking referrals and results. Competence in following firm compliance procedures and file maintenance; issuing product marketing info to clients; preparing marketing packages; ordering supplies; maintaining file system for prospective and existing clients; reviewing paperwork for completeness and forwarding to management for review. At the direction of FA, may assist in performing analysis for the selection of new investments. Viewed as an experienced resource and sought by others for advice or guidance. Provides operational training for new hires for support staff and FAs, and assists in their transition into the org. At the direction of the Brokerage Admin Mgr or Regl Suppt Center Mgr will handle selected supervisory duties requiring a Principal license, including one or more of the following: Principal supervisory review and approval of: correspondence, report review, store inspections, coordinating marketing and seminar approvals, conducting mock audits, targeted follow-ups for compliance with systems, product disclosure and other policies. May not perform direct supervisory tasks on behalf of any FAs from whom the position receives comp overrides.Required Qualifications2+ years of investment support experienceSuccessfully completed FINRA Series 7, 9/10, and 63 exams to qualify for immediate registration (or FINRA recognized equivalents)Insurance licenses for designated insurance lines, considering state law restrictionsDesired QualificationsExperience opening client brokerage accounts and adhering to compliance proceduresRegistered client associate experience: working with clients and internal departments to solve marketing, product, and service issuesExperience preparing marketing packages and maintaining client recordsAbility to provide operational training for new hiresBrokerage client support experienceAbility to prioritize work, meet deadlines, achieve goals, and work under pressure in a dynamic and complex environmentAbility to provide administrative support, including responding to prospect/customer inquiries and requests for informationKnowledge and understanding of brokerage: systems or applicationsJob ExpectationsRegistration for FINRA Series 66 (or 63 and 65) must be completed within 90 days of hire date if it is not available for transfer upon hire. FINRA recognized equivalents will be accepted.Obtaining and/or maintaining appropriate Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) license(s) is required for ongoing employment in this position. In addition state registration, specific product licenses or SAFE licensing may apply. Additional requirements include meeting enhanced financial fitness and criminal background standards. Wells Fargo will initiate the FINRA review process at the time of offer acceptance.DisclaimerAll offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.  Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.'
b'Theradex is currently recruiting for a Manager, Quality Assurance to be based at our headquarters in Princeton, New Jersey.  The selected individual will be responsible for overseeing Theradex\xe2\x80\x99s Quality Assurance (QA) program both in the US and UK locations, ensuring they are aligned with company goals and in compliance with all applicable regulations. The ideal candidate should possess hands-on knowledge pertaining to the daily activities of a Quality Assurance department within a CRO or pharmaceutical environment. This role requires the ability and willingness to provide leadership and a \xe2\x80\x9ccan do\xe2\x80\x9d attitude. Core Responsibilities:Directs and leads entire QA program in both US and EU including supervision of auditors both full time employees and contract auditor when neededReport monthly quality metrics to corporate managementOversees Quality Assurance team by providing guidance and direction to ensure departmental and client/project goals are met; coaches and develops team membersManages the global GXP QA process and implements QA initiatives/audit programs, including IT QA projects, all of which lead to continuous improvementManages the corrective/preventive action plan (CAPA) process to ensure timely implementation of CAPAs, and escalation, as applicable with monthly reporting of all open CAPA issues to corporate managementResponsibility for annual GXP audits of company systems, CRAs, clinical sites, external vendors and GMP audits according to the annual system audit planDevelops and leads audit /inspection readiness activities prior to every audit to ensure staff members are prepared to proactively participate in regulatory inspections and audits, and appropriately address outcomesLead interaction and facilitation of client audits and regulatory inspectionsOversees e QMS tracking, and metrics of complianceMitigate risks to Theradex and clients by developing solutions to everyday problems relating to current projects as well as providing guidance and long-range solutions as a means of preventing repeat and/or additional problemsOversees Theradex SOP development process and complianceLeads all training programs & initiatives while also administrating electronic training databaseExperience Required:Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in life scienceMinimum of 5 years QA experience3+ years management experience in a CRO or pharmaceutical environmentPrior experience leading GXP Quality Assurance programs including clinical trials and interfacing with the FDAExperience with data management and Part 11 requirementsInternational and oncology experience a plusExperience in preclinical and GMP auditing a plusSkills and Competencies to be Demonstrated:Thorough knowledge and experience with GXP quality assurance initiatives / programs and regulatory requirements including Part 11Strategic and critical thinking skillsStrong leadership and communication and interpersonal skillsHighly organized and results orientedAdaptable and accountable in changing clinical trial development environmentEffective ability to meet short and long-term goalsEffective ability to anticipate challenges and to develop and implement solutionsAbility to effectively function in an electronic environment We provide a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, STD/LTD, 401(k), tuition reimbursement, generous vacation/sick plans, flexible work schedules, employee discounts and much more.  Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.  Theradex\xc2\xae is an equal opportunity employer.  Click on the link below to APPLY: Search Firm Representatives: Theradex is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Theradex\xc2\xae via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Theradex\xc2\xae. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Theradex\xc2\xae as a result of the referral or through other means.'
b' Supplemental Health Care is a nationally recognized healthcare staffing provider partnering with a hospital in Elizabeth, NJ to provide a Traveling Emergency Room Registered Nurse.  Staffing 470 beds.  13-week assignment (likely extension if desired)  36 hrs. per week (possible overtime)  Shift: 07:00 AM-7:00 PM Weekly PayExcellent Benefits (Medical, Dental, 401k etc.)License ReimbursementGreat experience to further your career. These positions will go quickly, please contact me directly if you have additional questions.  Apply Now to Start Immediately!  For all career or staffing inquiries and Registered Nurse job consideration please:  Call or text Josh Aldridge at (716) 222-9974 or email your resume to jaldridge@supplementalhealthcare.com for immediate consideration. '
b'Position Title: HR Benefits SpecialistLocation: New Providence, NJPositions Type: Direct hire - ExemptPosition Requirements:Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Business, Human Resources or related field or equivalent combination of education and/or experience.Minimum of 3-5 years of experience in benefits administration and human resourcesMust have HR Benefits Expertise (welfare, retirement, voluntary plans, leaves and related compliance), specific to NJ.Must have a minimum of 3 years of experience with Retirement planning and administration (401k). Huge plus and strongly desired if candidates have been a fiduciary to a 401kExperience and demonstrated competency with Microsoft Office Suite (e.g. Word, Excel, Outlook, etc.) required.Proficient in computer software and latest electronic office technology (e.g. HRIS) required. ADP WFN a plus, but not required.Strong initiative with a willingness to learn and proactive attitudeStrong Communication skills both verbal and written.Position description:Coordinates all Health and Welfare benefits programs including design/renewal, implementation and administration.Provides information, communications, training and support to employees, plan vendors and third-party administrators.Responsible to ensure all programs follow established procedures and regulatory guidelines.Oversees all aspects of administration of employee health and welfare programs (e.g., medical, dental, vision, life, STD, LTD 401(k), 457 (b) (f), FSA, educational assistance, leaves of absence (FMLA, NJFLA, NJFLI, NJTDI, ADA, COBRA, WC, Safety, etc.).Coordinates open enrollments, employee briefings and distribution of informational materials.Administers hires/terms, life events, disability administration, COBRA, life/add claims, beneficiary information, QDROs and QMCSOs etc.Investigates discrepancies and provides information in routine and non-routine situations to all involved.Resolves administrative problems with providers.Ensures all \xe2\x80\x9cPlan\xe2\x80\x9d documents Summary Plan Descriptions (SPD\xe2\x80\x99s) and communications are current, maintained and distributed within required time periods.Oversees management of confidential benefits files in accordance with all required regulatory guidelines.Develops communication tools to enhance understanding of the Network\xe2\x80\x99s benefits offerings.Designs and distributes materials for benefits orientations, open enrollments and plan implementations as necessary.Provides training and support to Executive, HR, managers, supervisors and staff in all aspects of benefits as appropriate for each group.Responsible for employee health program activities including post offer, follow-up and annual testing.Serves as liaison to off-site medical facilities.Ensures all medical results documented, reviewed, communicated and follow-up testing conducted and documented accordingly within required time frames.Administers Worker\xe2\x80\x99s Compensation program in coordination with NJ Manufacturers. Coordinates safety program activities, training and reporting.Tracks and trends accidents and incidents.Researches related causes and recommends and implements corrective actions and follow-up.Audits and prepares reports in accordance with NJSN Safety Programs guidelines.Files required OSHA Reports, Conducts desktop audits.Reviews and updates NJSN Safety-008 program.Facilitates/participates as member of NJSN Safety Committee.Presents and makes recommendations and helps facilitate safety awareness for all staff.Provides back-up for other human resources department staff for Recruitment, HR portal, HRIS and other administrative responsibilities.Jersey Staffing and our Client are Equal Opportunity Employer.'
b'Are you Craving a Career? Ready for Growth?COME SEE WHY PANDA MIGHT BE THE RIGHT PLACE! At Panda, we all share a common mission: "Deliver exceptional Asian dining experiences by building an organization where people are inspired to better their lives." We invest in our people because great people run great operations that will exceed our guests\' expectations. Talk to any of our associates and you will experience a culture dedicated to its mission and our five fundamental values- Proactive, Respect/Win-Win, Growth, Great Operations, and Giving.  Panda Restaurant Group includes the original Panda Inn fine dining restaurants, Panda Express, our Gourmet Chinese food concept served in a fast casual environment, and Hibachi San, our Japanese grill concept. The family owned and operated company is still run by founders Andrew and Peggy Cherng.  Panda offers competitive benefits and rewarding opportunities, from entry-level positions to management. We have restaurant positions available nationwide and support center positions in Rosemead, CA. Come join the nation\'s largest and fastest growing Asian restaurant company.  Our continued growth in this location has created new career opportunities for Management, Crew Members, and Kitchen Team Members!!! Come join us. Restaurant Management Team responsibilities:Lead all or some People aspects of a Panda Express restaurant including hiring, training, coaching, and developmentEnsure the safety of our Guests and Associates through training and execution of food safety and restaurant safety standards and guidelinesLead all or some Guest components of a Panda Express restaurant including excellent food quality, guest service, associate friendliness, and restaurant cleanliness through your team using proven systems and routinesLead all or some financial areas of a Panda Express restaurant including sales growth, cost management, and profit growthApplies thorough knowledge of all policies, procedures and practices utilized within unit managedUnderstands ways in which unit relates to and impacts PRGDemonstrates knowledge of PRG operations and objectivesSeeks information regarding trends affecting food service industryWe offer our Full-Time Management Team:Progressive Compensation Package and Excellent Bonus Opportunity5 or more Weeks of Comprehensive Training to prepare you for successOn-Going Career & Leadership DevelopmentMedical, Dental, and Vision Insurance401 K with Company MatchPaid Time Off and Paid HolidaysAssociate Discounts (Panda Express, Hibachi San, Panda Inn plus Theme Parks) and free meals when you workLucrative Associate Referral BonusPre-Tax Dependent Care Flexible Spending AccountQualifications:College degree or equivalent experience preferredHigh school or GED requiredAdditional expectations of our Management Team are:Excellent leaders with great people skillsProactive \xe2\x80\x93 Sees life as choices and chooses to make a positive impact.People Oriented \xe2\x80\x93 enjoys working with our guests and associates, possess good communication and interpersonal skills.Growth Oriented \xe2\x80\x93 knows that learning and growth are keys to personal and professional success and is willing and able to share learning with others.Results Oriented \xe2\x80\x93 focuses on getting results without compromising guest, people, and financial areas.ADA Statement: While performing duties, counter areas are often hot with steam from steam table and food vapors. Work space is restricted and employees are expected to remain standing for long periods of time. Employees must prepare hot and cold foods, use Chinese cook knife and other kitchen equipment and work quickly without losing accuracy. Employees may be required to lift up to 50 lbs., stand up to four hours and reach across counter tops measured at 36 inches to serve customers. Kitchens are hot and noise levels are usually high; storage space is limited and shelving is high.Panda Restaurant Group, Inc is an Equal Opportunity Employer.'
b' Great is who we are and what we do! At Great Clips, we know that stylists like you are most happy when they\xe2\x80\x99re cutting hair, so at a Great Clips salon, that\xe2\x80\x99s exactly what you get to do!  Want to be the best stylist in town? At Great Clips, that can happen. Want to be a salon manager or trainer or a member of an artistic design team? Yep, at Great Clips, you can make that happen, too. Your talent. Our support. Join a company with lots to offer. Whether you\xe2\x80\x99re a new (or about to be new) stylist, or you\xe2\x80\x99re an experienced stylist looking for your next career move, you\xe2\x80\x99ll have the chance to: Make money right away with a guaranteed base wageReceive incentives and recognition for a job well doneCut hair for an immediate customer baseGet ongoing training and career advancementWork flexible schedulesLearn the latest trends and advanced skills Sounds good, right? Then we want to hear from you! At Great Clips, there\xe2\x80\x99s no rule that says you can\xe2\x80\x99t soar with scissors. Go do what you love doing with a great brand. Join our team of stylists today.  Similar keywords: Cosmetology, Hair Stylist, Hairstylist, Hairdresser, Salon, Esthetician, Hospitality, Cosmetologist, BarberLocation Information: Montgomery  1325 US Hwy 206 Ste 25  Skillman, NJ 08558 '
b'Job DetailsJob Location Edison - Edison, NJPosition Type Full TimeJob Shift DayDescriptionC+A Global is a leading international manufacturer based in Central New Jersey, who is the supplier of thousands of cool and unique electronics, cameras, photography equipment and accessories in the consumer marketplace. C+A Global owns and operates its own stores and online imaging business, RitzPix. It has the exclusive licenses of private brands such as Polaroid, Zink, Skymall, Ivation and LyxPro just to name a few! With our outstanding, award-winning products being released every year, our brands attract the attention of well-known media outlets such as the Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Today Show, and The New York Times! Our company continues to expand in growth and as one of the world\xe2\x80\x99s largest and most diverse online retailers we are excited to create new opportunities for job seekers! Apply now and Join our team! Potential candidates must possess and present current portfolio of package design work*Responsibilities:  You\xe2\x80\x99ll be responsible for delivering strategically creative ideas from concept through design execution for projects including: package designprint and digital advertisingtrade show graphicsin-store displayspromotional materialsproduct catalogswebsite designsQualifications3 years + of professional experience in Package Design3 years of professional experience Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign, Illustrator and Photoshop)Strong layout and typography skills, with a great attention to detailExperience with the design, preparation, production of the following: Package DesignLogo DevelopmentAdvertising (billboards, magazines, flyers, inserts, coupons, booklets)Sales collateral (brochures, sell sheets, catalogs, posters, banners)Corporate Collateral (business cards, stationery, forms)Web Design (websites, e-mailers, blogs, newsletters) wire frame experience is preferableBranding guidelines and style guidesTradeshow materials (banners, 3D images, presentations) video and animation experience is desirableExcellent time management skillsAbility to meet tight deadlines and take directionAble to manage projects from conception to executionAbility to work independently as well as in partnership with the creative teamSalary commensurate with experienceWhat We Offer!United Healthcare Benefits (Health, Vision, Dental)10-15 Paid Holidays Off!Short/Long Term Disability 100% Company PaidLife Insurance 100% Company Paid401K Options!Great Employee Discounts!Great opportunity to work for a growing and exciting company!All applicants are subject to a background screening. CA Global is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.'
b"Help change the way people connect with the world\xe2\x80\xa6  Bell Labs, the Nobel Prize winning research organization, is accepting applications for our competitive internship program.  Biology and medicine have heavily relied on technological advances to understand how the human body works and to improve medical care. These advances range from basic measurement devices (e.g. ECG) to advanced real-time diagnostics (e.g. fMRI), and from basic surgical tools (e.g. scalpel) to advanced surgical robots (e.g. da Vinci surgical system). Today, there is rising interest in developing innovative materials and devices at the micro/nano-scale, which can intimately interface and integrate with the human body. This can enable improved diagnostics, prevention and even treatment of medical ailments including disease, cancer and traumatic injury.With a vested interest in improving the quality of human life, Bell Labs has launched a new interdisciplinary program in Physiological Communications. Going beyond wearable technologies, we are developing smart, biocompatible platforms to actively probe and engage intact biological systems. Advancing research on this front inevitably requires an interdisciplinary approach, utilizing the knowledge and expertise from diverse fields of research.To this end, we are seeking highly-motivated, talented and enthusiastic students to take part in this year\xe2\x80\x99s Bell Labs Summer Internship Program, ideally for graduate students and post-docs (or exceptional undergraduates with research experience). Based on performance, candidates will also be considered for full-time employment. Students will have the opportunity to learn and work with world experts, while contributing to the on-going efforts with their expertise and experience in a classical Bell Labs-style setting.Student Criteria:  Overall GPA of 3.25/4.0 or above.  Must be enrolled as a full-time student, ideally in a Master's or PhD program.  Work Authorization: U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident preferred. Will accept students on F-1 Visa dependent upon program requirements or may consider sponsoring short-term J1 Visa PhD students dependent upon program requirements.  Education Requested: Must be pursuing a degree in Biochemistry, Biomedical Engineering, Biophysics, Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, Electrical Engineering, Materials Science, Microbiology or Nanotechnology from an accredited college/university.Experience with biosensing, biomaterials, nanomaterials, microfluidics, cell culture, optics and/or electronics is a major plus."
b'New Brunswick Economics Tutoring Jobs. Get paid twice weekly tutoring Economics in New Brunswick. Apply today! Tutors set their own hours, tutor in-person or online, and choose the opportunities that interest them. '

b'Selling  Supervisor/Key Holder "Explore Everything.....Keep the Best" ~ Botanist  John Evelyn.  Founded in 1972, Crabtree & Evelyn was started as a  small family business by Cyrus Harvey, who had a passion for travel and an  inherent interest in all things natural. He drew inspiration from the life of  John Evelyn, who was one of the first naturalists and conservationists.  Crabtree & Evelyn was one of the first brands to focus  on natural ingredients sourced from around the world and has always reflected a  spirit of discovery and adventure.  Today, more than forty years on, we continue to draw on our  rich heritage and knowledge of plants and botanicals while embracing new  discoveries; you\xe2\x80\x99ll find this expressed in our product range of beautifully  packaged body and hand care luxuries, home spa essentials and fine foods.  The Selling Supervisor/Key Holder position will maximize  sales through assisting customers in the selection and purchase of merchandise,  while following all company standards, policies and procedures. This role also  assists store management in supervising the sales floor. The Selling  Supervisor/Key Holder will with store staff on store merchandising standards  and the restocking of merchandise.  High School Diploma or general education degree (GED). One  year retail experience required. Retail supervisory related experience and/or  training preferred, or equivalent combination of education and experience. Must  be eighteen (18) years of age or older.\xc2\xa0  Basic understanding of computers.  We offer in-store sales training programs and sales  incentive programs to our associates.  We are an EEO - M/F/D/V employer.'
b' Our client, a renowned food company with brands of quality products loved by customers around the world, is seeking a QC Associate for multiple shifts. *Interested applicants please indicate shift preferences* Salary/Rate: DOE Position Overview: The QC Associate will conduct testing and inspection of raw materials, in-process and finished products, document results and reject defected products as per GMP guidelines. The QC Associate will assist in maintaining safety at all times and report quality issues to management. The QC Associate will assist in reviewing Certificate of Analysis for quality approval prior to shipment. Responsibilities of the QC Associate: Conduct test on instruments such as refractometer, pH meter, colorimeter Conduct inspection and verify compliance of samples and products at packaging stage including checking weights, package integrity, label information for conformance Assist in calibrating related equipment following strict guidelines and maintaining safety of work environment Follow GMP and other quality guidelines as specified Perform other responsibilities as assigned Qualifications for the QC Associate: Experience in GMP and regulated environments highly desired Computer and math skills required Good English communication skills required Education Requirement: Minimum High School Diploma or GED required for the QC Associate role Science training / certification preferred The post QC Associate appeared first on Atrium.'
b'New Brunswick Pre-Calculus Tutor Jobs Varsity Tutors is always looking for bright individuals in New Brunswick who are passionate about mentoring others. Aside from having knowledge in a subject area, tutors should also be friendly, articulate, and punctual. Working with Varsity Tutors in New Brunswick includes several benefits, such as the flexibility to schedule your own sessions , and to set your own tutoring load. We put forth great effort to match students to the right tutors, resulting in relationships that provide for great learning environments.  What do we look for in a tutor? Excellent communication skills and a friendly personalityAcademic background in subject areas you wish to tutorAbility to personalize lessons for each student'
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... This person is responsible for developing and implementing marketing strategy and programs to drive subscriber growth of Verizon\xe2\x80\x99s broadband, TV and voice products. You will be responsible for creating and leading promotional strategy and marketing programs to increase penetration and drive market share. Lead efforts to analyze program performance and leverage key data and customer insights to optimize existing programs and drive new strategies for subscriber growth.Lead efforts to develop promotional offers and strategies to address customer pain points and increase adoption of broadband, TV and voice products.Lead cross organizational partnership between wireline and wireless.Relentlessly drive growth through creative thinking, test-and-learn methodology, and rapid execution.Lead cross functional teams to ensure marketing strategies and programs are delivered on time and drive desired outcome.Quickly assess and anticipate market trends, competitive shifts and adopt strategies to drive optimal performance.Secure support of leadership and cross functional teams to execute recommended strategies.Develop financially sound marketing strategies that drive top line revenue growth.Develop marketing roadmap to drive sustained long term growth.Represent consumer line of business in Requirement Gathering Sessions (RGS) and Joint Architectural Design (JAD) sessions to ensure the projects meet the business requirements while pursuing designs that simplify their execution.What we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... ou'll need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years relevant work experience. Even better if you have: Proven ability to derive, synthesize and apply findings to business problems to lift sales, revenue and margins.Analytical and problem solving skills.Strong quantitative skills and comfortable in data driven business environment.Ability to use creative thinking in a fast paced, results-driven environment.Ability to influence and lead teams to deliver against complex initiatives.Strong financial acumen.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Project Management experience \xe2\x80\x93 ability to manage a large number of simultaneous tasks and keep deliverables on schedule.When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."


b'New Brunswick College Chemistry Tutoring Jobs. Get paid twice weekly tutoring College level Chemistry in New Brunswick. Tutoring on the Varsity Tutors platform is flexible - apply today. Tutors set their own hours, choose the opportunities that interest them, and can tutor in-person or online.'
b'*Job Description:** Dow Jones is seeking a People Operations Coordinator to join our team **on a 6-month temporary basis** with the possibility of converting to fulltime. This person will manage the administration of HR processes for the People Operations department. This is an entry level position with high visibility to senior level executives within Dow Jones and News Corporation. We are looking for someone who is detailed-oriented, comfortable working in a fast-paced environment and a self-starter. *Key Responsibilities:** + Record and organize business requirements from People Team.  + Maintain reports and documentation including: systems improvement reports, process maps and weekly status reports, etc.  + Verify Workday transactions accuracy processed by the People Ops Team.  + Prepare executive presentations for the People Ops Team.  + Coordinate project logistics including: scheduling meetings, updating project timelines, communicating deliverables, distributing materials and presenting systems demos, etc.  + Create process guides and other reference materials for employee training.  + Coordinate system testing with People Business Partners, gather/organize feedback to technology team, provide status updates to system users.  + Assist in researching best practices and extracting applicable system improvements.  + Provide functional guidance to People Business Partners in processing system transactions.  + Ad-hoc duties such as handling special People projects as assigned. *Qualifications:** + Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.  + Advanced MS Powerpoint and Excel skills especially Vlookup and Pivot Tables.  + Demonstrated ability to interact effectively with customers of all organizational levels.  + Excellent written and verbal communications skills.  + Ability to coordinate multiple tasks and deadlines.  + Knowledge of presentation design and template usage.  + Bachelor\'s Degree in Human Resources management, Business or Public Administration, organizational management, organizational psychology or a related field from an accredited college or university.  + Knowledge of MS Visio and MS Project is preferred. *Dow Jones** , Making Careers Newsworthy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. **EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets** .  Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us via email . Please put Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line.  Business Area: PEOPLE *About Us** Dow Jones is a global provider of news and business information, delivering content to consumers and organizations around the world across multiple formats, including print, digital, mobile and live events. Dow Jones has produced unrivaled quality content for more than 125 years and today has one of the worlds largest news gathering operations globally. It produces leading publications and products including the flagship Wall Street Journal, Americas largest newspaper by paid circulation; Factiva, Barrons, MarketWatch, Financial News, DJX, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance, Dow Jones Newswires, and Dow Jones VentureSource.Dow Jones is a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV).  If you require assistance in completing the online application, please contact the Talent Management team for Application Help at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com'
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... You will be responsible for developing and implementing marketing strategy and programs to drive subscriber growth of Verizon\xe2\x80\x99s broadband, TV and voice products. Individual will be responsible for creating and leading promotional strategy and marketing programs to increase penetration and drive market share. Lead efforts to analyze program performance and leverage key data and customer insights to optimize existing programs and drive new strategies for subscriber growth.Lead efforts to develop promotional offers and strategies to address customer pain points and increase adoption of broadband, TV and voice products.Relentlessly drive growth through creative thinking, test-and-learn methodology, and rapid execution.Lead cross functional teams to ensure marketing strategies and programs are delivered on time and drive desired outcome.Quickly assess and anticipate market trends, competitive shifts and adopt strategies to drive optimal performance.Secure support of leadership and cross functional teams to execute recommended strategies.Develop financially sound marketing strategies that drive top line revenue growth.What we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Marketing experience. Even better if you have: A degree.Proven ability to derive, synthesize and apply findings to business problems to lift sales, revenue and margins.Analytical and problem solving skills.Strong quantitative skills and comfortable in data driven business environment.Ability to use creative thinking in a fast paced, results-driven environment.Ability to influence and lead teams to deliver against complex initiatives.Financial Acumen.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Project Management experience \xe2\x80\x93 ability to manage a large number of simultaneous tasks and keep deliverables on schedule.When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b' TeamHealth has an excellent leadership opportunity for a full-time Physician to join our Emergency Department team at JFK Medical Center in Edison, New Jersey. Total volume of 70,000 is for the main ED, Intermediate Care Unit & Peds. The main ED sees approximately 220 patients per day utilizing a split flow model, and a joint commission certified ED as a stroke center. There is a full neuroscience department within the hospital. Residents in FP, euroscience, and dental. 24 hour in house OB & Peds Hospitalists and Radiologists. This ED has a very good relationship with hospital administration and medical staff. Recently constructed $23 million ED includes a comprehensive on-site laboratory, radiology department, bedside registration, triage and treatment rooms for minor cases. The benefits of working as a Facility Medical Director at JFK include an operational support from Team Health leadership, very robust RVU plan, and great location proximity to New York City, New York.'
b" Do you enjoy physical indoor/outdoor work, talking with people, providing customer service and learning new technologies? Are you seeking an opportunity where you have independence, confidence, and control your success? Are you a natural leader who is adaptable and willing to learn new skills? Then being a DISH Satellite TV Technician/Installer is your calling. At DISH, we invest in our Satellite TV Installers/Technicians. We provide classroom and on-the-job training as well as a van, tools, and uniforms. Our Satellite TV Technicians/Installers are responsible for multiple customer visits daily which could include completing site surveys, installing satellite equipment, ensuring a quality broadband internet connection and educating our customers on our award-winning DISH Satellite TV services. Bring your computer, electrical, maintenance/repair, general labor, cable, military, customer service and/or customer relationship experience to DISH!  Whats in it for you?  $14.75 / hour  DISH provides our technicians with paid training, uniforms, cutting edge tools, a fuel card, and a vehicle  Progressive incentive program for providing additional solutions to customers - As you earn points, you may choose from thousands of rewards such as digital tablets, riding lawn mowers, or even airfare to Hawaii!  An opportunity to earn additional bi-weekly incentive pay through achieving your performance goals!  Have 3 days off per week we schedule our technicians to work 4-day work weeks  Highly independent work with unparalleled promotional opportunities  Comprehensive benefits package including complimentary DISH Network service, paid time off, medical, dental, and vision insurance, 401K, employee stock purchase program, and tuition reimbursement Satellite TV Installers/Technician Primary Responsibilities: Conducting site surveys - determine the best positioning of our equipment for strongest signal reception  Installing cutting edge technology - place mounts, satellite dishes and receivers while ensuring broadband connectivity  Educating customers - review order with the customer and teach them the basics to use and enjoy their new service and equipment  Providing Dish Smart Home Services - successful technicians offer our customers additional services and products while earning incentives and building new skill sets that will propel them into the future of in-home services delivery  For more information, please click here  Skills - Experience and Requirements  A successful Satellite TV Installer/Technician will have the following:  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  High energy, being resourceful, and strong multi-tasking skills  Basic computer skills; basic electronics and/or audio/video knowledge is helpful.  Strong customer service skills; friendly, approachable and motivated with a strong work ethic and high degree of integrity.  Ability to stand for long periods of time on a ladder, lift over 70 lbs at times, crawl into small spaces, work in all climates and remain within the individual weight requirement of 335 lbs.  Willingness to work flexible schedules including weekends, holidays and evenings.  High school diploma or GED preferred; college or technical/vocational school a plus.  Must possess a valid driver's license in the State you are seeking employment in, with a driving record that meets DISH's minimum safety standard.  Cable industry experience is a plus.  Our Home-Based Satellite TV Installer/Technicians are required to have the following:  Minimum 5x5x10 covered and secured area at technician residence.  Computer with broadband internet.  Ability to plug in all DISH Network chargeable devices.  Dedicated off street parking at technician residence.  Ground floor access for equipment (preferred)."
b' New Brunswick Calculus 1 Tutoring Jobs. Get paid twice weekly tutoring Calculus 1 in New Brunswick. Apply today! Tutors set their own hours, can tutor in-person or online, and choose the opportunities that interest them.  What do we look for in a tutor? Excellent communication skills and a friendly personalityAcademic background in subject areas you wish to tutorAbility to personalize lessons for each student'
b' Senior Manager - Technical Accounting Job ID 7453 Location  Morristown, NJ Functional Area  AccountingDepartment  Accounting Position Type  Full-Time RegularEducation Required  Bachelors Degree Experience Required  Minimum 7 YearsRelocation Provided  NoPosition Description  About Covanta: Covanta is a world leader in providing sustainable waste and energy solutions. Annually, Covanta\xe2\x80\x99s modern Energy-from-Waste facilities safely convert approximately 20 million tons of waste from municipalities and businesses into clean, renewable electricity to power one million homes and recycle approximately 500,000 tons of metal. Through a vast network of treatment and recycling facilities, Covanta also provides comprehensive industrial material management services to companies seeking solutions to some of today\xe2\x80\x99s most complex environmental challenges. For more information, visit www.covanta.com .  Information on our facilities is available at www.covanta.com/Covanta-Map . For career opportunities, visit www.covanta.com/Careers . Covanta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Research the impact of new or proposed accounting standards, interpretations or regulations from the FASB, AICPA, PCAOB, EITF, and SEC, and communicate impact to Senior Management.Research business development technical accounting matters (both under US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and International Financial Reporting Standards) that could impact accounting for the proposed transactions.Review new contracts and assess the accounting implications based on existing accounting standards, interpretations or regulations.Prepare timely, high quality white papers on all key technical matters for submission to the independent auditor and manage the timely resolution of financial reporting implications.Prepare the quarterly and annual accounting analyses over complex areas, such as valuations, stock compensation, business combination, variable interest entities, equity method accounting, revenue recognition, leases, derivatives, and impairment considerations, including goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets.Prepare required documentation for all aspects of Covanta\xe2\x80\x99s hedging/derivatives program from an accounting perspective. Ensure necessary processes and appropriate documentation are in place so all hedging/derivatives activities are appropriately accounted for in the financial statements.Serve as a contact for business inquiries related to the application of accounting policies and all technical accounting matters pertaining to existing and potential transactions.Prepare and maintain an up-to-date library of accounting policies and procedures.Prepare accounting for unique transactions (i.e., debt financings, acquisitions), as they occur.Work with the broader organization to establish accounting processes for new projects.Lead organization wide trainings on accounting topics and quarterly meetings to provide updates Position Requirements Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in AccountingCPA required8 + years of relevant experience; Big 4 public accounting experience preferredEnergy industry experience preferredHedging/derivative experience preferredMust have technical accounting (GAAP & IFRS), research and reporting skillsExperience with SEC filingsKnowledge of Sarbanes Oxley and internal control conceptsSkills required: management, analytical, communication, and organizational skillsKnowledge of large computerized accounting and reporting systems (i.e., Peoplesoft, Hyperion) and proficiency in MS officeAbility to analyze complex information and formulate decisions/recommendationsWork experience foundation that allows taking on additional responsibilities and upward movement potential in the organization (Internal Code: *LI-COV) Back to top Back to top'
b"Who we are:What's Wakefern? Haven't heard of us? That's okay. But you've probably heard of our supermarkets: ShopRite, PriceRite, Fresh Grocer, Dearborn Market. Wakefern Food Corp. has grown into the largest retailer-owned cooperative in the United States and is the largest employer in New Jersey with over 70,000 employees. And In 2016, Wakefern Food Corp. reported a record in retail sales of over $16 Billion! 26% of our employees have been with us for at least 25 years! Why? Because we care about our people and understand that they are our greatest asset. We offer career development & growth opportunities and have recently been selected as one of NJBIZ magazine's Best Places to Work in New Jersey. We offer a highly competitive salary and superior company-paid Associate benefits including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Paid Prescriptions, Tuition Reimbursement, Pre-Tax Dependent Spending Account, Wellness Reimbursement, Retirement and 401(k). What you'll do:As a member of the Logistics Team, you will be responsible for monitoring and managing CSA performance and ensuring all corrective actions are taken as a result of roadside inspections. Overseeing accident investigations, along with documenting investigation findings. Initiating and maintaining all U.S. DOT mandated paperwork for the fleet. Driver hiring and maintaining qualification files in accordance with FMCSA guidelines. Conducting driver safety meetings. Interacting with Dispatch, Fleet Maintenance and Risk Management. Conducting monthly driver log audits and analyzing and generating monthly audit reports.Requirements:College degree preferredTransportation Safety & Compliance or operations experienceWorking knowledge of HOS, CSA and ELDAccident Investigation & Reconstruction CertificationDOT Training CertificationSubstance Abuse Training CertificationStrong verbal and written skillsAbility to work independentlyAbility to work effectively and relate to individuals at all levelsAbility to analyze data and multiple variables and make sound decisions.Strong organizational, communication and problem-solving skills.Must possess strong analytical, organizational and administrative skills along with strong personal computer skills including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Lotus NotesFlexibility with regard to working a 5 out of 7-day schedule including; days, shifts, overtime, holidays, and 6th and 7th days. Weekends are a requirementFlexibility to work in Multiple Facilities when neededWAKEFERN FOOD CORP IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER. WE ARE COMMITTED TO A DIVERSE WORKFORCE, WHICH REFLECTS THE COMMUNITIES WE SERVE"
b'Auto req ID: 178416BRPosition Type: Full TimeEmployee Type: NonexemptJob SummaryThis is a frontline manager position that supports the FedEx Ground (FXG) Safety Above All Culture and manages specific day-to-day operations and an assigned staff within a station or hub. Responsible for ensuring safe and efficient package sortation through the management of Package Handlers. The Operations Manager may also manage administrative employees and functions and ensures administrative processes are compliant with FXG policies and procedures and governmental regulations.Essential Functions\xe2\x80\xa2 Serves as a champion for FXG\xe2\x80\x99s Safety Above All Culture and supports all related initiatives\xe2\x80\xa2 Management responsibilities include, but are not limited to: hiring, terminations, coaching, training, recognition and rewards, performance evaluation and management, discipline, addressing employee concerns and staff productivity\xe2\x80\xa2 Plans, organizes, staffs, directs and controls specific day-to-day operations within the station or hub\xe2\x80\xa2 Responsible for assigning and managing employees to ensure the safe and efficient sortation of packages through the facility, minimizing operational cost and maximizing operational quality, including the movement, tracking and administration of trailers (in conjunction with the linehaul department as applicable)\xe2\x80\xa2 Analyzes operational performance through direct observation, interpretation of reports and collaboration with others.Determines opportunities for improvement of key metrics and executes action plans to achieve results\xe2\x80\xa2 Leads daily employee and/or planning meetings to ensure workforce communication and understanding of operational updates and daily goals\xe2\x80\xa2 Participates in the development of and responsible for administering company employee relations strategies, including maintaining the confidentiality of such material and matters\xe2\x80\xa2 Participates in the development of and responsible for administering company safety strategies and programs\xe2\x80\xa2 Investigates, resolves and/or escalates customer service issues, as appropriate\xe2\x80\xa2 Responsible for training new employees regarding job duties and performance expectations and ensuring compliance with FXG policies, procedures and other training requirements, including but not limited to training related to quality assurance, SWAK, hazardous materials, and dock safetyNONESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS\xe2\x80\xa2 Performs other duties as assignedMinimum Education\xe2\x80\xa2 High school diploma or GED required; Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Business, Logistics or a related area preferredMinimum Experience\xe2\x80\xa2 Six (6) months package handler, FedEx Ground field or related experience required; Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Business, Logistics or a related area is accepted in lieu of required experienceRequired Skills, Abilities and / or Licensure\xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to inspire a shared vision and empower and motivate a team\xe2\x80\xa2 Demonstrated ability to build professional rapport, effectively lead a team and positively influence diverse groups\xe2\x80\xa2 Proven ability to apply sound business judgment to establish and accomplish goals\xe2\x80\xa2 Verbal and written communication skills necessary to communicate with various audiences and ability to effectively provide employees instruction on process and practice\xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to read, interpret and draw conclusions from numerical data and written information\xe2\x80\xa2 Software skills, including use of Microsoft Office software and web-based applications\xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to maintain a working knowledge of relevant technology-based projects, including various devices and computer- based applications% of Travel for the Position: 0-25%Address: 6000 Riverside DriveCity: KeasbeyState: New JerseyZip Code: 08832-1217Search Engine Description: OperationsDomicile Location: P089EEO StatementFedEx Ground is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer (Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans) committed to a diverse workforce, street_address=6000 Riverside Drive'
b' Iselin, NJ  Provident Bank, a multi billion dollar NJ with branches in NJ and eastern PA, is seeking an experienced CRE underwriter with management experience for an opportunity in our Iselin, NJ administrative office. Candidates must have at least five years CRE underwriting experience plus supervisory experience to be considered. POSITION SUMMARY Under general direction from the Director of Commercial Credit Underwriting, this position manages the CRE underwriting team and all underwriting recommendations, within agreed policies pertaining to overall standards, credit quality, portfolio mix and asset classes. Ensures timely turnaround of deals assigned to CRE Loan Analysts by proper scheduling of assignments and balancing workload. Conducts periodic review, in line with company policies, of portfolios, policies and processes. In addition, this position will manage the appraisal and environmental review processes which are outsourced.. MAJOR JOB RESPONSIBILITIESManage appraisal and evaluation process for all commercial lending areas of the Bank which is currently outsourced to an appraisal review firm. Manage environmental reports from third parties for all commercial lending areas of the bank. This will include making recommendations to include or remove appraisers and environmental consultants from the Bank\xe2\x80\x99s approved list to the appropriate levels  30%Assist the Director of Credit Underwriting in managing day-to-day credit activities as it pertains to department workflow of the CRE Commercial Credit Underwriting Department.  10%Consistently reviews department workflow and analysis product for efficiency and effectiveness. Interact with CRE lending staff and department head.  35%Acts as a mentor to the CRE underwriting team and train less experienced loan analysts. Participates in special projects as assigned; will prepare annual performance reviews of CRE underwriting staff  25%SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES Supervises the team of CRE Loan Analysts. This includes interviewing, training and managing staff of 5 to 7 underwriters; planning, assigning and directing work; and addressing and resolving employee complaints and concerns. SKILLS AND TRAINING Strong commercial real estate credit underwriting and risk analysis skills.  Strong analytical skills with ability to highlight and mitigate risks.  Strong communication skills necessary to effectively interact with department heads and lending officers and effectively assist in mentoring and training staff.  Proficient in Commercial Real Estate Lending, including loan structure and appropriate credit analytical tools.  Ability to conduct meetings, effectively present information and respond to questions from peers, auditors and various levels of management.  Competent managerial skills as well as the ability to exercise judgment and resourcefulness in resolving employee questions and issues.  Excellent computer skills, including strong knowledge of and the ability to practically apply modern office software.  Ability to prioritize multiple projects. EDUCATION Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Accounting, Finance or Business Administration. MBA preferred WORK EXPERIENCE 5 to 10 years in banking or financial services industry with 3 to 5 years directly in CRE Credit.  Must have prior managerial experience. LICENSES AND/OR CERTIFICATESLicenses and CertificationsExpiration Date None required WORKING CONDITIONS Work is performed in a normal office environment. Noise levels are usually moderate. HAZARDS The hazards are mainly those present in a normal office setting. This job description may not be all-inclusive. Employees are expected to perform other duties as assigned and directed by management. Job descriptions and duties may be modified when deemed appropriate by management.Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, Indiivduals with Disabilities and LGBTQ*LI-POST'
b'Theradex is currently recruiting for a Manager, Quality Assurance to be based at our headquarters in Princeton, New Jersey.  The selected individual will be responsible for overseeing Theradex\xe2\x80\x99s Quality Assurance (QA) program both in the US and UK locations, ensuring they are aligned with company goals and in compliance with all applicable regulations. The ideal candidate should possess hands-on knowledge pertaining to the daily activities of a Quality Assurance department within a CRO or pharmaceutical environment. This role requires the ability and willingness to provide leadership and a \xe2\x80\x9ccan do\xe2\x80\x9d attitude. Core Responsibilities:Directs and leads entire QA program in both US and EU including supervision of auditors both full time employees and contract auditor when neededReport monthly quality metrics to corporate managementOversees Quality Assurance team by providing guidance and direction to ensure departmental and client/project goals are met; coaches and develops team membersManages the global GXP QA process and implements QA initiatives/audit programs, including IT QA projects, all of which lead to continuous improvementManages the corrective/preventive action plan (CAPA) process to ensure timely implementation of CAPAs, and escalation, as applicable with monthly reporting of all open CAPA issues to corporate managementResponsibility for annual GXP audits of company systems, CRAs, clinical sites, external vendors and GMP audits according to the annual system audit planDevelops and leads audit /inspection readiness activities prior to every audit to ensure staff members are prepared to proactively participate in regulatory inspections and audits, and appropriately address outcomesLead interaction and facilitation of client audits and regulatory inspectionsOversees e QMS tracking, and metrics of complianceMitigate risks to Theradex and clients by developing solutions to everyday problems relating to current projects as well as providing guidance and long-range solutions as a means of preventing repeat and/or additional problemsOversees Theradex SOP development process and complianceLeads all training programs & initiatives while also administrating electronic training databaseExperience Required:Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in life scienceMinimum of 5 years QA experience3+ years management experience in a CRO or pharmaceutical environmentPrior experience leading GXP Quality Assurance programs including clinical trials and interfacing with the FDAExperience with data management and Part 11 requirementsInternational and oncology experience a plusExperience in preclinical and GMP auditing a plusSkills and Competencies to be Demonstrated:Thorough knowledge and experience with GXP quality assurance initiatives / programs and regulatory requirements including Part 11Strategic and critical thinking skillsStrong leadership and communication and interpersonal skillsHighly organized and results orientedAdaptable and accountable in changing clinical trial development environmentEffective ability to meet short and long-term goalsEffective ability to anticipate challenges and to develop and implement solutionsAbility to effectively function in an electronic environment We provide a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, STD/LTD, 401(k), tuition reimbursement, generous vacation/sick plans, flexible work schedules, employee discounts and much more.  Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.  Theradex\xc2\xae is an equal opportunity employer.  Click on the link below to APPLY: Search Firm Representatives: Theradex is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Theradex\xc2\xae via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Theradex\xc2\xae. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Theradex\xc2\xae as a result of the referral or through other means.'
b'Position Title: HR Benefits SpecialistLocation: New Providence, NJPositions Type: Direct hire - ExemptPosition Requirements:Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Business, Human Resources or related field or equivalent combination of education and/or experience.Minimum of 3-5 years of experience in benefits administration and human resourcesMust have HR Benefits Expertise (welfare, retirement, voluntary plans, leaves and related compliance), specific to NJ.Must have a minimum of 3 years of experience with Retirement planning and administration (401k). Huge plus and strongly desired if candidates have been a fiduciary to a 401kExperience and demonstrated competency with Microsoft Office Suite (e.g. Word, Excel, Outlook, etc.) required.Proficient in computer software and latest electronic office technology (e.g. HRIS) required. ADP WFN a plus, but not required.Strong initiative with a willingness to learn and proactive attitudeStrong Communication skills both verbal and written.Position description:Coordinates all Health and Welfare benefits programs including design/renewal, implementation and administration.Provides information, communications, training and support to employees, plan vendors and third-party administrators.Responsible to ensure all programs follow established procedures and regulatory guidelines.Oversees all aspects of administration of employee health and welfare programs (e.g., medical, dental, vision, life, STD, LTD 401(k), 457 (b) (f), FSA, educational assistance, leaves of absence (FMLA, NJFLA, NJFLI, NJTDI, ADA, COBRA, WC, Safety, etc.).Coordinates open enrollments, employee briefings and distribution of informational materials.Administers hires/terms, life events, disability administration, COBRA, life/add claims, beneficiary information, QDROs and QMCSOs etc.Investigates discrepancies and provides information in routine and non-routine situations to all involved.Resolves administrative problems with providers.Ensures all \xe2\x80\x9cPlan\xe2\x80\x9d documents Summary Plan Descriptions (SPD\xe2\x80\x99s) and communications are current, maintained and distributed within required time periods.Oversees management of confidential benefits files in accordance with all required regulatory guidelines.Develops communication tools to enhance understanding of the Network\xe2\x80\x99s benefits offerings.Designs and distributes materials for benefits orientations, open enrollments and plan implementations as necessary.Provides training and support to Executive, HR, managers, supervisors and staff in all aspects of benefits as appropriate for each group.Responsible for employee health program activities including post offer, follow-up and annual testing.Serves as liaison to off-site medical facilities.Ensures all medical results documented, reviewed, communicated and follow-up testing conducted and documented accordingly within required time frames.Administers Worker\xe2\x80\x99s Compensation program in coordination with NJ Manufacturers. Coordinates safety program activities, training and reporting.Tracks and trends accidents and incidents.Researches related causes and recommends and implements corrective actions and follow-up.Audits and prepares reports in accordance with NJSN Safety Programs guidelines.Files required OSHA Reports, Conducts desktop audits.Reviews and updates NJSN Safety-008 program.Facilitates/participates as member of NJSN Safety Committee.Presents and makes recommendations and helps facilitate safety awareness for all staff.Provides back-up for other human resources department staff for Recruitment, HR portal, HRIS and other administrative responsibilities.Jersey Staffing and our Client are Equal Opportunity Employer.'
b'Are you Craving a Career? Ready for Growth?COME SEE WHY PANDA MIGHT BE THE RIGHT PLACE! At Panda, we all share a common mission: "Deliver exceptional Asian dining experiences by building an organization where people are inspired to better their lives." We invest in our people because great people run great operations that will exceed our guests\' expectations. Talk to any of our associates and you will experience a culture dedicated to its mission and our five fundamental values- Proactive, Respect/Win-Win, Growth, Great Operations, and Giving.  Panda Restaurant Group includes the original Panda Inn fine dining restaurants, Panda Express, our Gourmet Chinese food concept served in a fast casual environment, and Hibachi San, our Japanese grill concept. The family owned and operated company is still run by founders Andrew and Peggy Cherng.  Panda offers competitive benefits and rewarding opportunities, from entry-level positions to management. We have restaurant positions available nationwide and support center positions in Rosemead, CA. Come join the nation\'s largest and fastest growing Asian restaurant company.  Our continued growth in this location has created new career opportunities for Management, Crew Members, and Kitchen Team Members!!! Come join us. Restaurant Management Team responsibilities:Lead all or some People aspects of a Panda Express restaurant including hiring, training, coaching, and developmentEnsure the safety of our Guests and Associates through training and execution of food safety and restaurant safety standards and guidelinesLead all or some Guest components of a Panda Express restaurant including excellent food quality, guest service, associate friendliness, and restaurant cleanliness through your team using proven systems and routinesLead all or some financial areas of a Panda Express restaurant including sales growth, cost management, and profit growthApplies thorough knowledge of all policies, procedures and practices utilized within unit managedUnderstands ways in which unit relates to and impacts PRGDemonstrates knowledge of PRG operations and objectivesSeeks information regarding trends affecting food service industryWe offer our Full-Time Management Team:Progressive Compensation Package and Excellent Bonus Opportunity5 or more Weeks of Comprehensive Training to prepare you for successOn-Going Career & Leadership DevelopmentMedical, Dental, and Vision Insurance401 K with Company MatchPaid Time Off and Paid HolidaysAssociate Discounts (Panda Express, Hibachi San, Panda Inn plus Theme Parks) and free meals when you workLucrative Associate Referral BonusPre-Tax Dependent Care Flexible Spending AccountQualifications:College degree or equivalent experience preferredHigh school or GED requiredAdditional expectations of our Management Team are:Excellent leaders with great people skillsProactive \xe2\x80\x93 Sees life as choices and chooses to make a positive impact.People Oriented \xe2\x80\x93 enjoys working with our guests and associates, possess good communication and interpersonal skills.Growth Oriented \xe2\x80\x93 knows that learning and growth are keys to personal and professional success and is willing and able to share learning with others.Results Oriented \xe2\x80\x93 focuses on getting results without compromising guest, people, and financial areas.ADA Statement: While performing duties, counter areas are often hot with steam from steam table and food vapors. Work space is restricted and employees are expected to remain standing for long periods of time. Employees must prepare hot and cold foods, use Chinese cook knife and other kitchen equipment and work quickly without losing accuracy. Employees may be required to lift up to 50 lbs., stand up to four hours and reach across counter tops measured at 36 inches to serve customers. Kitchens are hot and noise levels are usually high; storage space is limited and shelving is high.Panda Restaurant Group, Inc is an Equal Opportunity Employer.'
b'Job DetailsJob Location Edison - Edison, NJPosition Type Full TimeJob Shift DayDescriptionC+A Global is a leading international manufacturer based in Central New Jersey, who is the supplier of thousands of cool and unique electronics, cameras, photography equipment and accessories in the consumer marketplace. C+A Global owns and operates its own stores and online imaging business, RitzPix. It has the exclusive licenses of private brands such as Polaroid, Zink, Skymall, Ivation and LyxPro just to name a few! With our outstanding, award-winning products being released every year, our brands attract the attention of well-known media outlets such as the Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Today Show, and The New York Times! Our company continues to expand in growth and as one of the world\xe2\x80\x99s largest and most diverse online retailers we are excited to create new opportunities for job seekers! Apply now and Join our team! Potential candidates must possess and present current portfolio of package design work*Responsibilities:  You\xe2\x80\x99ll be responsible for delivering strategically creative ideas from concept through design execution for projects including: package designprint and digital advertisingtrade show graphicsin-store displayspromotional materialsproduct catalogswebsite designsQualifications3 years + of professional experience in Package Design3 years of professional experience Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign, Illustrator and Photoshop)Strong layout and typography skills, with a great attention to detailExperience with the design, preparation, production of the following: Package DesignLogo DevelopmentAdvertising (billboards, magazines, flyers, inserts, coupons, booklets)Sales collateral (brochures, sell sheets, catalogs, posters, banners)Corporate Collateral (business cards, stationery, forms)Web Design (websites, e-mailers, blogs, newsletters) wire frame experience is preferableBranding guidelines and style guidesTradeshow materials (banners, 3D images, presentations) video and animation experience is desirableExcellent time management skillsAbility to meet tight deadlines and take directionAble to manage projects from conception to executionAbility to work independently as well as in partnership with the creative teamSalary commensurate with experienceWhat We Offer!United Healthcare Benefits (Health, Vision, Dental)10-15 Paid Holidays Off!Short/Long Term Disability 100% Company PaidLife Insurance 100% Company Paid401K Options!Great Employee Discounts!Great opportunity to work for a growing and exciting company!All applicants are subject to a background screening. CA Global is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.'
b'New Brunswick Economics Tutoring Jobs. Get paid twice weekly tutoring Economics in New Brunswick. Apply today! Tutors set their own hours, tutor in-person or online, and choose the opportunities that interest them. '
b'Selling  Supervisor/Key Holder "Explore Everything.....Keep the Best" ~ Botanist  John Evelyn.  Founded in 1972, Crabtree & Evelyn was started as a  small family business by Cyrus Harvey, who had a passion for travel and an  inherent interest in all things natural. He drew inspiration from the life of  John Evelyn, who was one of the first naturalists and conservationists.  Crabtree & Evelyn was one of the first brands to focus  on natural ingredients sourced from around the world and has always reflected a  spirit of discovery and adventure.  Today, more than forty years on, we continue to draw on our  rich heritage and knowledge of plants and botanicals while embracing new  discoveries; you\xe2\x80\x99ll find this expressed in our product range of beautifully  packaged body and hand care luxuries, home spa essentials and fine foods.  The Selling Supervisor/Key Holder position will maximize  sales through assisting customers in the selection and purchase of merchandise,  while following all company standards, policies and procedures. This role also  assists store management in supervising the sales floor. The Selling  Supervisor/Key Holder will with store staff on store merchandising standards  and the restocking of merchandise.  High School Diploma or general education degree (GED). One  year retail experience required. Retail supervisory related experience and/or  training preferred, or equivalent combination of education and experience. Must  be eighteen (18) years of age or older.\xc2\xa0  Basic understanding of computers.  We offer in-store sales training programs and sales  incentive programs to our associates.  We are an EEO - M/F/D/V employer.'
b'New Brunswick Pre-Calculus Tutor Jobs Varsity Tutors is always looking for bright individuals in New Brunswick who are passionate about mentoring others. Aside from having knowledge in a subject area, tutors should also be friendly, articulate, and punctual. Working with Varsity Tutors in New Brunswick includes several benefits, such as the flexibility to schedule your own sessions , and to set your own tutoring load. We put forth great effort to match students to the right tutors, resulting in relationships that provide for great learning environments.  What do we look for in a tutor? Excellent communication skills and a friendly personalityAcademic background in subject areas you wish to tutorAbility to personalize lessons for each student'

b'New Brunswick College Chemistry Tutoring Jobs. Get paid twice weekly tutoring College level Chemistry in New Brunswick. Tutoring on the Varsity Tutors platform is flexible - apply today. Tutors set their own hours, choose the opportunities that interest them, and can tutor in-person or online.'
b"What you\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing... You will be responsible for developing and implementing marketing strategy and programs to drive subscriber growth of Verizon\xe2\x80\x99s broadband, TV and voice products. Individual will be responsible for creating and leading promotional strategy and marketing programs to increase penetration and drive market share. Lead efforts to analyze program performance and leverage key data and customer insights to optimize existing programs and drive new strategies for subscriber growth.Lead efforts to develop promotional offers and strategies to address customer pain points and increase adoption of broadband, TV and voice products.Relentlessly drive growth through creative thinking, test-and-learn methodology, and rapid execution.Lead cross functional teams to ensure marketing strategies and programs are delivered on time and drive desired outcome.Quickly assess and anticipate market trends, competitive shifts and adopt strategies to drive optimal performance.Secure support of leadership and cross functional teams to execute recommended strategies.Develop financially sound marketing strategies that drive top line revenue growth.What we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree or four or more years of work experience.Six or more years of relevant work experience.Marketing experience. Even better if you have: A degree.Proven ability to derive, synthesize and apply findings to business problems to lift sales, revenue and margins.Analytical and problem solving skills.Strong quantitative skills and comfortable in data driven business environment.Ability to use creative thinking in a fast paced, results-driven environment.Ability to influence and lead teams to deliver against complex initiatives.Financial Acumen.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Project Management experience \xe2\x80\x93 ability to manage a large number of simultaneous tasks and keep deliverables on schedule.When you join Verizon... You\xe2\x80\x99ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America\xe2\x80\x99s fastest and most reliable network, we\xe2\x80\x99re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we\xe2\x80\x99re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better."
b' New Brunswick Calculus 1 Tutoring Jobs. Get paid twice weekly tutoring Calculus 1 in New Brunswick. Apply today! Tutors set their own hours, can tutor in-person or online, and choose the opportunities that interest them.  What do we look for in a tutor? Excellent communication skills and a friendly personalityAcademic background in subject areas you wish to tutorAbility to personalize lessons for each student'
b' Senior Manager - Technical Accounting Job ID 7453 Location  Morristown, NJ Functional Area  AccountingDepartment  Accounting Position Type  Full-Time RegularEducation Required  Bachelors Degree Experience Required  Minimum 7 YearsRelocation Provided  NoPosition Description  About Covanta: Covanta is a world leader in providing sustainable waste and energy solutions. Annually, Covanta\xe2\x80\x99s modern Energy-from-Waste facilities safely convert approximately 20 million tons of waste from municipalities and businesses into clean, renewable electricity to power one million homes and recycle approximately 500,000 tons of metal. Through a vast network of treatment and recycling facilities, Covanta also provides comprehensive industrial material management services to companies seeking solutions to some of today\xe2\x80\x99s most complex environmental challenges. For more information, visit www.covanta.com .  Information on our facilities is available at www.covanta.com/Covanta-Map . For career opportunities, visit www.covanta.com/Careers . Covanta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Research the impact of new or proposed accounting standards, interpretations or regulations from the FASB, AICPA, PCAOB, EITF, and SEC, and communicate impact to Senior Management.Research business development technical accounting matters (both under US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and International Financial Reporting Standards) that could impact accounting for the proposed transactions.Review new contracts and assess the accounting implications based on existing accounting standards, interpretations or regulations.Prepare timely, high quality white papers on all key technical matters for submission to the independent auditor and manage the timely resolution of financial reporting implications.Prepare the quarterly and annual accounting analyses over complex areas, such as valuations, stock compensation, business combination, variable interest entities, equity method accounting, revenue recognition, leases, derivatives, and impairment considerations, including goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets.Prepare required documentation for all aspects of Covanta\xe2\x80\x99s hedging/derivatives program from an accounting perspective. Ensure necessary processes and appropriate documentation are in place so all hedging/derivatives activities are appropriately accounted for in the financial statements.Serve as a contact for business inquiries related to the application of accounting policies and all technical accounting matters pertaining to existing and potential transactions.Prepare and maintain an up-to-date library of accounting policies and procedures.Prepare accounting for unique transactions (i.e., debt financings, acquisitions), as they occur.Work with the broader organization to establish accounting processes for new projects.Lead organization wide trainings on accounting topics and quarterly meetings to provide updates Position Requirements Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in AccountingCPA required8 + years of relevant experience; Big 4 public accounting experience preferredEnergy industry experience preferredHedging/derivative experience preferredMust have technical accounting (GAAP & IFRS), research and reporting skillsExperience with SEC filingsKnowledge of Sarbanes Oxley and internal control conceptsSkills required: management, analytical, communication, and organizational skillsKnowledge of large computerized accounting and reporting systems (i.e., Peoplesoft, Hyperion) and proficiency in MS officeAbility to analyze complex information and formulate decisions/recommendationsWork experience foundation that allows taking on additional responsibilities and upward movement potential in the organization (Internal Code: *LI-COV) Back to top Back to top'
b'Auto req ID: 178416BRPosition Type: Full TimeEmployee Type: NonexemptJob SummaryThis is a frontline manager position that supports the FedEx Ground (FXG) Safety Above All Culture and manages specific day-to-day operations and an assigned staff within a station or hub. Responsible for ensuring safe and efficient package sortation through the management of Package Handlers. The Operations Manager may also manage administrative employees and functions and ensures administrative processes are compliant with FXG policies and procedures and governmental regulations.Essential Functions\xe2\x80\xa2 Serves as a champion for FXG\xe2\x80\x99s Safety Above All Culture and supports all related initiatives\xe2\x80\xa2 Management responsibilities include, but are not limited to: hiring, terminations, coaching, training, recognition and rewards, performance evaluation and management, discipline, addressing employee concerns and staff productivity\xe2\x80\xa2 Plans, organizes, staffs, directs and controls specific day-to-day operations within the station or hub\xe2\x80\xa2 Responsible for assigning and managing employees to ensure the safe and efficient sortation of packages through the facility, minimizing operational cost and maximizing operational quality, including the movement, tracking and administration of trailers (in conjunction with the linehaul department as applicable)\xe2\x80\xa2 Analyzes operational performance through direct observation, interpretation of reports and collaboration with others.Determines opportunities for improvement of key metrics and executes action plans to achieve results\xe2\x80\xa2 Leads daily employee and/or planning meetings to ensure workforce communication and understanding of operational updates and daily goals\xe2\x80\xa2 Participates in the development of and responsible for administering company employee relations strategies, including maintaining the confidentiality of such material and matters\xe2\x80\xa2 Participates in the development of and responsible for administering company safety strategies and programs\xe2\x80\xa2 Investigates, resolves and/or escalates customer service issues, as appropriate\xe2\x80\xa2 Responsible for training new employees regarding job duties and performance expectations and ensuring compliance with FXG policies, procedures and other training requirements, including but not limited to training related to quality assurance, SWAK, hazardous materials, and dock safetyNONESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS\xe2\x80\xa2 Performs other duties as assignedMinimum Education\xe2\x80\xa2 High school diploma or GED required; Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Business, Logistics or a related area preferredMinimum Experience\xe2\x80\xa2 Six (6) months package handler, FedEx Ground field or related experience required; Bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree in Business, Logistics or a related area is accepted in lieu of required experienceRequired Skills, Abilities and / or Licensure\xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to inspire a shared vision and empower and motivate a team\xe2\x80\xa2 Demonstrated ability to build professional rapport, effectively lead a team and positively influence diverse groups\xe2\x80\xa2 Proven ability to apply sound business judgment to establish and accomplish goals\xe2\x80\xa2 Verbal and written communication skills necessary to communicate with various audiences and ability to effectively provide employees instruction on process and practice\xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to read, interpret and draw conclusions from numerical data and written information\xe2\x80\xa2 Software skills, including use of Microsoft Office software and web-based applications\xe2\x80\xa2 Ability to maintain a working knowledge of relevant technology-based projects, including various devices and computer- based applications% of Travel for the Position: 0-25%Address: 6000 Riverside DriveCity: KeasbeyState: New JerseyZip Code: 08832-1217Search Engine Description: OperationsDomicile Location: P089EEO StatementFedEx Ground is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer (Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans) committed to a diverse workforce, street_address=6000 Riverside Drive'
b"Mavis Discount Tire and STS Mechanic / Automotive Technician Put your career into high gear with Mavis Discount Tire! We're looking for a full-time Mechanic / Automotive to join Team Mavis at one or our state-of-the-art automotive service, repair and tire sales centers. With over 400 locations throughout New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Georgia and Florida, Mavis is the fifth largest independently-held tire sales and tomotive repair chain in the United States. About the Position of Mechanic / Automotive Technician As Mavis's leaders in undercar repairs, our Mechanics / Automotive Technicians are trusted to inspect, diagnose and perform a wide variety of automotive services on customers' vehicles. Mavis's Mechanics / Automotive Technicians perform a wide variety of undercar repairs, including brakes, struts and shocks. Mechanics / Automotive Technicians are also responsible for completing state-mandated inspections, changing oil and filters, checking fluids, replacing worn parts, and dismounting, mounting, rotating and balancing tires. Employee Benefits At Mavis, we understand that our people drive our success. We provide our team members with competitive weekly pay, including weekly incentive compensation, a good working environment and an excellent combination of additional benefits like health and dental insurance, a 401(k) retirement savings plan with employer match, paid vacations, paid sick and personal time, on-the-job training, and opportunities for career growth and advancement. Qualifications We recruit team members who share our commitment to providing complete customer satisfaction and delivering the highest quality service. To be eligible for the position of Mechanic / Automotive Technician, you must (1) be at least 18 years of age; (2) be legally authorized to work in the United States; (3) possess 2 years of experience and/or training in automotive repair and maintenance or any combination of education, training and experience which demonstrates the ability to perform the duties and responsibilities of the position; and (4) possess an extensive tool box of personal tools used in performing undercar repairs.  The following additional qualifications are preferred: (1) state inspection license(s); and, (2) ASE Certifications in Automotive Maintenance and Light Repair (G1), Suspension and Steering (A4), and Brakes (A5).  As an active position, Mechanics / Automotive Technicians are required to stand, walk, bend, kneel, stoop, crouch, crawl, climb, pull, reach and perform repeated and repetitive movements consistent with vehicle maintenance and automotive repair. Mechanics must regularly lift and/or move items weighing over 50 pounds. Mavis is an Equal Opportunity EmployerConsistent with our commitment to the principal of equal employment opportunity for all individuals, we enforce a zero tolerance policy on discrimination at Mavis. Employment decisions are made without regard to an applicant's or employee's actual or perceived membership in any category or status protected by applicable federal, state or local law. The physical demands described above are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the position. Where appropriate,Mavis may provide reasonable accommodation, in order for an otherwise qualified individual to perform the essential functions of the position.0 Job Posted by ApplicantPro"
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 16\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. MEAT CUTTER Meat Cutters are responsible for cutting, processing, weighing, wrapping, receiving and rotating all meat products while maintaining proper sanitation standards and handling other responsibilities as assigned. Requirements:Qualified journeymen meat cutter (to qualify, one must have passed an apprenticeship program and or must be able to cut all beef, pork and veal primal to company specifications and produce a profitable return)Physical Requirements:Working in a refrigerated environment (30-40 degrees)Working in damp conditionsLifting containers ranging from 20 \xe2\x80\x93 80 lbs.Working around power equipment and sharp knivesMinimum Age Requirements: Must be at least 18 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b" ABC Supply, the nation\xe2\x80\x99s largest distributor of exterior building products, is seeking a motivated, experienced Delivery Driver to join its team. ABC Supply has been the recipient of the Gallup Great Workplace Award for 11 consecutive years and is proud to be an employee-first company.  If you are a licensed driver who is looking for a rewarding, local opportunity with an established company, we want to hear from you! In this role, you will ensure the safety of each delivery from the moment you leave the facility until you have completed each job. Specific duties may include:Treating customers in a friendly and professional mannerConducting a safe work zone during each job siteAdhering to assigned delivery schedule and following all job directives preciselyDocumenting every step of each delivery by taking and uploading photos with our camera phone systemProviding warehouse support as neededCompleting a thorough load check on your truck before leaving the branch, ensuring that all delivery materials are firmly secured and all parts of your truck are in compliance with all federal, state, and local regulationsWorking in cooperation with the Delivery Material Handler to determine where to set the materials and unloading themCompleting and filing all logs and required government paperwork in a precise and timely mannerProviding the customer with an invoice on completion of each delivery and collecting the entire due amount on COD deliveriesThis position does not require over the road travelSpecific qualifications include:Valid Driver's License. Class B CDL is preferred but not requiredThe ability to lift 75-100 pounds repeatedly (your most common cargo will be 70 pound bundles of shingles)Pre-employment drug screen and random drug screens are requiredBox truck experience is preferredBenefits may include:Health, dental, and vision coverageEmployer paid life insuranceFlex spending401(k) with generous company matchPaid time offPaid holidaysEqual Opportunity Employer / Drug Free Workplace"
b' Overview  The Medical Scribe ensures accurate and timely documentation of the medical chart under the supervision of the medical provider. The Scribe assists the provider by accompanying them during the patient exam recording detailed information into the electronic medical record (EMR). The Scribe performs other related medical record or clerical duties to increase provider effectiveness, efficiency, and productivity for improved patient flow and satisfaction. ResponsibilitiesPreparing and assembling medical record documentation/charts for physician(s)Entering the patient room with the physician during patient visit to capture and transcribe medical record documentation utilizing electronic medical record applicationsEnsuring medical record compliance by self-documentation attestation to include: Scribe name, title and doctor working for as well as specific date and time entryUpdating patient history, physical exam and other pertinent health information in the patient recordPreparing and sending all documentation to physician for review and approval via authentication of detailed data entry and facility-specific proceduresMonitoring the duration of basic lab results and screening proceduresCompliance with hospital and ProScribe policies, including those relating to HIPAA and Joint CommissionRegular and reliable attendance at assigned facility requiredPerform other clerical duties and tasks to improve provider productivity and clinic workflow as assignedQualificationsEducation/Experience: High school diploma required. College sophomore status or higher preferred. Pre-health career track preferred. Ability to demonstrate knowledge of medical terminology and human anatomy strongly preferred Technical/Computer Skills: Skilled in operating various medical record software and hardware, word-processing, and database software programs; minimum of 60 WPM preferred. Core Competencies:Ability to learn and appropriately apply basic medical terminologies and techniques taughtStrong written and verbal communicationAbility to observe and to draft a narrative account of events accurately and cogently, in grammatically-correctAbility to spell proofread and edit writtenKeyboard proficiency (approximately 60 words/minute).Ability to operate a personal computer and related software applications.Strong attention toAbility to work in a dynamic, highly-stressful environment that routinely involves exposure to highly-sensitive personal medicalAbility to multitask, coordinate multiple projects andAbility to problem solve underAbility to communicate and interact professionally withUnderstanding of and commitment to appropriate protection of confidential patient Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Ability to stand with mobility for extended periods of timeAbility to lift, hold, push, and pull 20 poundsAbility to view computer monitors with close vision, color vision, depth perception and ability to adjust your focus with good hand-eye coordination.Ability to work in a stressful and fast-paced environmentAbility to read, write, comprehend through listening, and speak fluent EnglishAbility to operate a computer and/or laptop through proficient typing, clicking, and viewing a monitor for extended periodsAbility to handwrite legiblyPosition may require work at more than one location during a scheduled work week.'
b" Supplemental Health Care has partnered with a great skilled nursing facility in Skillman, NJ and is looking to provide a driven, enthusiastic Physical Therapist for a full time 13-week travel contract position.  Physical Therapists will be expected to evaluate patients' progress and needs and supervise and support patient care plans. Physical Therapists are also responsible for documenting and reporting on patients' condition and must be able to communicate necessary information to supervisors, colleagues, and patients' families. Physical Therapists must be comfortable working in a skilled nursing setting.Candidates must have at least one year of experience practicing physical therapy. - Candidates must be currently licensed to practice physical therapy in New Jersey. Dont miss out on this amazing location. Skillman, NJ is located less than an hour away from the coastline, allowing for fun beach weekends!  Apply online today or contact Nicole with any questions at  Email: nclewis@supplementalhealthcare.com  Phone: 215-646-5400  Text: 215-646-6325 "
b'Job DescriptionAt Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. WELLS FARGO ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY At Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.  Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members.  As a team member, this position will be responsible for: Define and execute the Technology Risk Management Strategy for Platform as a Service solutions working closely with our business partners in enabling internal and external cloud platform capabilities in Wells Fargo N.A.Strong partnership and collaboration with Enterprise Platform Services partners, Enterprise Information Security, Wells Fargo Audit Services to ensure the balance between business functionality needs and the architecture and engineering health of the platform. Work with business partners to develop and/or evaluate business cases and align the architecture solution to meetEducate and influence senior IT and business leadership including strategic partnerships that span all lines of business and in the data management domain, articulating conceptual ideas and their impact to a widely divergent audience using excellent verbal, written, and listening skillsDefine architecture strategies and approaches to advance Enterprise Platform Services Cloud initiativesIdentify opportunities for common solutions across the enterprise, collaborating within the architecture and development communities.Collaborate with business executives and senior architects to identify platform and process issues, then provides solution options and recommends options.Provide recommendations on system options, risks, impact on cross-domain systems, business strategy, goals and processes.Developing practices, processes, templates, and reporting to provide risk management reviews and participation in critical enterprise programs or projects with significant technology risks as an enabler.Analyzing program/project requirements against the proposed solutions to determine technology risk levels, control weaknesses and to evaluate the risk of solutions not meeting requirements resulting in a value add proposal to management in a concise and comprehensive presentationReviewing mitigation/remediation plans and providing advice on mitigation effectiveness and alternative mitigation approaches as well as assisting, coaching, counseling and mentoring stakeholdersPerforming review of the work products produced by the program/project according to risk program requirements and deadlinesAttending steering and working committees to ensure appropriate technology risk management coverageID, Recording and Resolving all issues through satisfaction including warranted and limited escalationProducing management reporting and focused information to all stakeholders as applicableAssuring a comprehensive documented RACI model and adherence to model at all timesIntegrating requirements from the broader program/project into existing technology risk management processes (e.g. risk assessments)Effectively collaborating with business partners in the first-line-of-defense (FLOD) and second line of defense (SLOD) in the establishment of new risk management processes for the specific program/projectWorking with stakeholders to ensure each has the tools, processes and expertise to effectively manage technology risksDeveloping and maintaining strong working relationships with the line of business, corporate regulatory and operational risk and compliance peersEnsuring that critical programs and projects remain aligned to the technology risk management strategy and functional framework The successful candidate will have the ability to translate ambiguous ideas/issues into well-defined plans/solutions; while influencing decision-making process, Self-motivated, able to work independently with a proven ability to be adaptable to a dynamic work environment with multiple priorities and strict timelines and set appropriate deliverable timelines and follow-through.Required Qualifications10+ years of experience in compliance, operational risk management (includes audit, legal, credit risk, market risk, or the management of a process or business with accountability for compliance or operational risk), or a combination of both; or 10+ years of IT systems security, business process management or financial services industry experience, of which 5+ years must include direct experience in compliance, operational risk management, or a combination of both10+ years of IT management experience working with infrastructure management or cloud enablement environmentsDesired QualificationsAdvanced Microsoft Office skillsExcellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skillsStrong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracyAbility to interact with all levels of an organizationOther Desired Qualifications10+ years of experience leading and executing the design and development of innovative solutions and driving recommendations for changes to customer facing systems, infrastructureBroad and significant knowledge of technology with emphasis on development operations, SDLC, problem and incident management, configuration management, application infrastructure services (e.g. middleware), platform management, information security architecture, identity and access management, enterprise architecture, cloud, third party hosted solutions, application risk assessments, information management, enterprise data, CRM services, and books and records.Certifications that support business or risk related knowledge/experience (FINRA, PMP, CRISC, CFE, CISSP, CIA, etc...)Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skillsStrong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracyAdvanced Microsoft Office skills7+ years of audit/IT experience, including demonstrated interaction with Senior Level technology leaders5+ years project management experience with large scale technology projects including: business requirements, risk analysis, project planning, resource planning, risk/issue management, testing and implementationExperience with assessing the adequacy of policies, procedures, processes, and compliance and operational controls in a significantly large and complex organization.Prior experience with tracking, monitoring and implementing corrective actions or information security exceptions for Compliance/Operational RiskKnowledge and experience with technology-related regulatory requirements and frameworks including FFIEC,COBIT, COSO, NIST, ITILDisclaimerAll offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.  Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.'
b" BJ's Wholesale Club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern United States. Today, we\xe2\x80\x99re a multibillion dollar operation with more than 200 clubs in 15\xc2\xa0states from Maine to Florida.  While our Members know us for helping them save up to 25% off grocery prices every day, our Team Members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that\xe2\x80\x99s committed to developing great talent.  If you\xe2\x80\x99re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our Members, we want to hear from you. BJ\xe2\x80\x99s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed. FORKLIFT DRIVER Forklift Drivers are responsible for moving merchandise throughout the club safely and efficiently. Additional responsibilities include but limited to: Unloading/Loading trucksMoving merchandise from the receiving dock to the selling floor/steelDropping merchandise to the selling floorMerchandising the sales floorOther responsibilities as assignedRequirements: Prior forklift driving and ticketing experience helpfulMust pass forklift certification process (both written and driving tests) Minimum Age Requirements:  Must be at least 18 years of age.  BJ's Wholesale Club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
b"Job Description Store Team Members play a meaningful role within the CVS Health family. At CVS Health, were shaping the future of health care for people, businesses, and communities. With your talents and expertise, you can help us play a more active and supportive role in each persons unique healthcare needs. Join our team of thousands as we positively impact millionsone customer at a time.  The Store Team Member position provides an opportunity, in a leading retail setting, to excel in a growing, high impact, customer focused role, working both independently and as a member of a team, to positively impact the lives of others. Essential Functions:Providing differentiated customer service by anticipating customer needs, demonstrating compassion and care in all interactions, and actively identifying and resolving potential service issuesFocusing on the customer by giving a warm and friendly greeting, maintaining eye contact and offering help locating additional items, when neededAccurately operating a cash register - handling cash, checks and credit card transactions with precision while following company policies and proceduresMaintaining the sales floor by restocking shelves, checking in vendors, updating pricing information and completing inventory management tasks as directed by store managerSupporting opening and closing store activities, when neededProviding customer support to all departments, including photo and beauty, ensuring departments are fully stocked and operational while remaining current with all updated services and toolsAssisting pharmacy personnel when needed, including working regular shifts in the pharmacy as part of opportunities for growth and career developmentEmbracing and advocating for new CVS services and loyalty programs that support our purpose of helping people on their path to better health Required Qualifications At least 16 years of agePhysical Requirements:Remaining upright on the feet, particularly for sustained periods of timeLifting and exerting up to 35 lbs of force occasionally, up to 10 lbs of force frequently, and a negligible amount of force regularly to move objects to and from, including overhead liftingVisual Acuity - Having close visual acuity to perform activities such as: viewing a computer terminal, reading, visual inspection involving small parts/details Preferred Qualifications Previous experience in a retail or customer service settingEducationHigh School diploma or equivalent Business Overview  CVS Caremark, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation's largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units - MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.CVS Caremark is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or employment against any individual on the basis of race, color, gender, national origin, ancestry, religion, physical or mental disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, pregnancy, citizenship, or any other factor protected by anti-discrimination laws. Furthermore, we comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is the Law Poster: EEO IS THE LAW  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require assistance to apply for this job, please contact us by clicking AA EEO CVS Caremark"
b'Job Summary: This position is accountable for the acquisition of new business (Medicare Advantage Employer Group), conservation of existing accounts and selling additional product lines where appropriate for the SHBP Local, FEP, Small Group Broker, Medicare, Midsize, and Dental markets. Responsibilities:Acquires new business (Medicare Advantage Employer Group).Manages contract renewals (all markets for Dental) and ensures services are provided that will maximize the potential for account retention and initial member enrollment.Ensures proper installation of new accounts (Medicare Advantage Employer Group) as well as changes to existing accounts.Plans and negotiates terms and conditions of contracts with existing accounts.Directs the implementation process for new clients and/or employers.Sells additional lines of business to existing clients.Compares and evaluates various products to make appropriate recommendations based on client needs assessment.Modifies existing contracts that require term changes that may be outside of predetermined guidelines or standards.Develops and conducts workshops for clients/groups relative to enrollment, claim procedures, and health industry regulations.Weighs factors and outcomes to make binding financial, operational, and service-related decisions.Ensures that all accounts and brokers are promptly informed of relevant legislative and regulatory issues and their associated impact.Performs other duties as assigned by management.Knowledge:Must be proficient and possess advanced skills in the use of personal computers and supporting software in a Windows based environment, including MS Office products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and Lotus Notes; Should be knowledgeable in the use of intranet and internet applications.Requires knowledge of Group Health products lines including Managed Care and Dental.Requires knowledge of rating and policy renewal practices for all Funding mechanisms, i.e., fully insured prospective group, minimum premium, and ASO.Prefers knowledge of Horizon BCBSNJ products, underwriting policies, enrollment, billing, and claims processing procedures.Skills and Abilities:NegotiationVerbal and written communicationPublic speaking and presentationInterpersonalRelationship-buildingEducation:Requires a bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree.Experience:Requires a minimum of five (5) years of professional sales or contract negotiation experience, preferably in the health insurance industry, with a documented track record of success.Additional licensing, certifications, registrations:Requires a valid NJ driver\xe2\x80\x99s license.Requires a New Jersey State Health/Life License.Travel (If Applicable): Travel throughout tri-state area is required. Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability and any other protected class as required by federal, state or local law.'
b" Warehouse Worker - VASC - Dayton, NJ  Dayton, NJReference No:  4850 What's the role?The Warehouse Worker is responsible for providing superior sales support and customer service by working with the distribution team through the receiving, warehousing, and order fulfillment functions, as well as organizational Lean objectives.Who is Hilti?If you\xe2\x80\x99re new to the industry, you might nothave heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software andservices for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, builtover 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptionalservice. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we\xe2\x80\x99relooking to expand, we\xe2\x80\x99re a great place for you to show us your worth, step upto new challenges and grow your career.What does the role involve?Day to day you will be responsible for the preparation and shipping of outbound parcels and receipt of inbound product for our Value Added Service Center. Contribute to team goals by accomplishing tasks while meeting key performance targets. Maintain a safe and clean work environment by keeping pallet areas, racks, shelves, and workstations neat and orderly. Take lead role in projects when relied upon. Take on a variety of roles within a given work day. We won 25 top employer awards in 2015, amongthem a ranking in the world\xe2\x80\x99s Great Places to Work.What do we offer?We\xe2\x80\x99ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including ongoing training and lots of responsibility from the start. In return for your exceptional performance and consistent results, you\xe2\x80\x99ll receive one-to-one career mentoring, as well as exciting opportunities domestically and internationally.Why should you apply?We have an excellent mix of people, which we believe makes for a more vibrant, more innovative, more productive team. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.What you need is:High School Diploma or GED.3 years of proven warehouse experience.Experience operating a forklift \xe2\x80\x93 sit down, stand-up/reach, pallet jackMust be able to lift up to 75 lbs. on a regular basis, work in variable climate conditions, stand for long periods and comply with safety standards and requirements for working in a warehouse environment.If we\xe2\x80\x99re impressed with your resume, we\xe2\x80\x99ll invite you for an interview, introduce you to the team and pay for your travel to get there."
b'Job DescriptionWELLS FARGO ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY At Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.  Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES This role will have accountability for risk management within the cross functional groups of the Enterprise CIO organization focusing on Platform Services, Enterprise Architecture, and Core Services as First Line of Defense (FLOD). The environment continues to be one of heightened standards, raised risk consciousness and regulatory requirements. The model through which team members deliver risk programs and oversight is evolving. This role is created in alignment with the new comprehensive First Line of Defense risk structure for Enterprise Information Technology. As the first line of defense, this role assures real risk reduction within the divisions, consistent with the Wells Fargo Vision & Values and risk appetite.  The EIT Divisional Risk Manager will lead the planning and execution of critical FLOD risk functions, in alignment with the Corporate Risk Model and EIT Risk Target Operating Model. Accountabilities of the EIT Divisional Risk Leader and team include: Plan:Develop, implement and support a Technology Risk Framework in alignment with Wells Fargo Risk Management FrameworkDocument risk(s) within established and new line of business products/services and shared services IT processes/products/servicesEvaluate risks and prioritize risks and remediation workIdentify & Assess:Conduct and support risk assessments that evaluate the technology application/infrastructure environment and estimate the level and trends of inherent risk, determine the effectiveness of associated controls and the level and trends of residual riskBe proactive identifying risks within the divisions and across internal and external eventsControl & Mitigate:Design and implement effective and proactive action plans that appropriately mitigate risks in a sustainable manner and define Key Risk Indicators to track impactOperate controls in an effective manner to mitigate risks and deliver IT valueExecute the related compliance process (e.g. Audits, CICATs, SOX) and IT Policy Management & ExceptionsMonitor & Report:Monitor controls to identify gaps and prevent, correct, detect operational risk issuesIdentify, measure, monitor, support and complete EIT risk management training, communication, and outreach programsIntegrate continuous improvement with metrics and monitoringSupport Virtuous Circle of risk managementReview and Verification:Assuring strategic and foundational risk attributes are comprehensively included in pre, during and post analysisOngoing reviews to identify anomalies, exceptions and outliers that could lead to additional risk eventsVerifying risk management standards, requirements and documented risk reduction attributes are appliedRequired Qualifications10+ years of experience in compliance, operational risk management (includes audit, legal, credit risk, market risk, or the management of a process or business with accountability for compliance or operational risk), or a combination of both; or 10+ years of IT systems security, business process management or financial services industry experience, of which 5+ years must include direct experience in compliance, operational risk management, or a combination of both5+ years of management experienceDesired QualificationsAdvanced Microsoft Office skillsExcellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skillsStrong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracyAbility to articulate complex concepts in a clear mannerOther Desired Qualifications10 + years of leadership within Consumer Banking in a large financial services organization or service provider that implemented these services for financial services organizations, both domestic and international10+ of experience supporting SOX/SOC, Regulatory Exams (Domestic and Intl), Audits and other technology control related assessments7+ years of management experience with risk control frameworks (NIST, FFEIC, COBIT, ITIL,COSO)Certifications that support business or risk related knowledge/experience (FINRA, PMP, CRISC, CFE, CISSP, CIA, etc...)Broad and significant knowledge of technology with emphasis on development operations, SDLC, problem and incident management, configuration management, application infrastructure services (e.g. middleware), platform management, information security architecture, identity and access management, enterprise architecture, cloud, third party hosted solutions, application risk assessments, information management, enterprise data, CRM services, and books and records.Senior risk professional with proven c level communication skill setExperience in multiple areas of regulatory compliance, including risks and issues related to consumer protection and general banking regulations of the OCC, FRB, CFPB, FINRA and other federal, state and local regulations and laws.Proven ability and prior experience in generating a business value proposition and justification for risk consideration and input at new product & service inceptionDemonstrated enabler philosophical approach to risk management that gets to yes with real solutions that meet all stakeholder requirementsProven prior experience in comprehensive risk ownership and accountability for the risk profile positioningTrack record of providing constructive challenge with appropriate issue escalation and offering solutionStrong ability and experience working with and collaborating with leaders and team members at all levels and across functional lines.Demonstrated experience in building, leading, developing and retaining a team of managers, strong technical experts and high performing professionals in geographically disbursed environmentsDisclaimerAll offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.  Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.'
b'Why We Work at Dun & BradstreetLife here at Dun & Bradstreet is changing \xe2\x80\x93 for the better. With almost two centuries of experience and a new modern vibe, work at D&B has never been more exhilarating. Our purpose is to grow the most valuable relationships in business by uncovering truth and meaning in data. We\xe2\x80\x99re wildly passionate about our purpose, and it has us evolving everything we do \xe2\x80\x93 from how we engage with our customers to how we energize one another. So if you thrive in a fluid, agile culture but want the solidity of a storied and commanding brand, come join us!  \xe2\x80\x8b  With the Economist proclaiming data as the new oil, and Forbes predicting a 4300% increase in annual data production by 2020, there\xe2\x80\x99s never been a more exciting time to help organizations manage their data to gain a competitive edge \xe2\x80\x93 at a company that pioneered the data business over 176 years ago.  Dun & Bradstreet is looking for an experienced Product Marketing Manager with a proven, successful product marketing background to contribute to our rapid growth as one of the most exciting B2B Master Data content providers in the market today!  In this role, you will be tasked with defining and implementing the strategy for how we communicate with prospects, customers and the Master Data community. You will be responsible for crafting our positioning and messaging to customers, creating the most compelling content to help customers understand our value proposition, driving campaigns, and building the right programs to increase awareness and adoption of Dun & Bradstreet amongst both Business and Technical Decision Makers. The Product Marketing Manager must be comfortable working closely with a cross-functional team including sales, sales engineering, product management, professional services, and marketing, as well as interacting with prospects, customers, partners, and analysts. Key Responsibilities:Development of all value propositions, core content, marketing, and go-to-market strategies for the Dun & Bradstreet Master Data content, capabilities and services.Develop sales enablement assets focused on helping sales teams and channel partners understand target markets and buyers, buyer personas, pains points, and key messages.Craft & develop compelling audience-specific messages and tools (product videos, customer success stories, demos, whitepapers, presentations, how to guides, etc.)Be a spokesperson for Dun & Bradstreet: speak at conferences, publish blogs, podcasts, videocasts, etcDrive cross-functional product launches, coordinating the efforts of engineering, sales, marketing, PR, and operationsKey Requirements:3-5 years of product management/marketing experience requiredBA/BS required, MBA preferredB2B software product management/marketing experience preferredAbility to easily transition from high level strategic thinking to creative and detailed executionBig Data, Cloud, SaaS, Enterprise Data Management industry experience a plus Dun & Bradstreet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, genetic information, protected military and veteran status, ancestry, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics) or any other characteristic protected by law.  We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with Dun & Bradstreet and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please send an e-mail with your request to TalentAcquisitionTeam@dnb.com. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis.  Please note that all Dun & Bradstreet job postings can be found at https://dnb.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers and all communication from Dun & Bradstreet will come from an email address ending in @dnb.com.'
b' Do you have a passion for building relationships and an entrepreneurial spirit that drives you to succeed? Then we want you!  At PrimePay, we believe in the power of small business. We take care of back office tasks like payroll so they can concentrate more on their business.  We are searching for our next outside sales executive who will be responsible for developing new relationships with those small business owners, as well as health benefits brokers and CPAs.  New to payroll and HR services? Our award-winning training program has your back! We\xe2\x80\x99ll teach you the things you need to know and coach you to lead meetings with clients to successfully identify their needs.  If time management, organization, and a goal-oriented mindset are skills that describe you, we encourage you to keep reading to learn more about this opportunity. Here are some things you can expect from working at PrimePay:A competitive base salary, un-capped commission, performance-based bonuses and a car allowanceOpportunities for advancement within the organizationAccess to state-of-the-art personal and group training programsLeadership development through individualized support and career mentoringA typical day for our sales executives include:Networking in-person and over the phone with key decision makers in a designated territoryDeveloping and executing a sales call strategyUtilization of social media for finding new and developing existing relationshipsMaintaining existing and prospective client relationshipsRepresenting products to prospective clients in an easy-to-understand mannerHave these qualities? You\xe2\x80\x99ll fit right in.Commitment to excellent service and customer satisfactionSelf-motivationHigh energySuperior levels of honesty and integrityThese qualifications are a big plus, but not required:2 or more years of experience selling business services and supporting clients through the sales processB2B sales leadership backgroundExperience working leads in a territoryA proven track record of attaining challenging sales goals and managing accounts with a designated territoryBA/BS degreeSalesforce knowledgeNow that we know about you, here is a little about us: PrimePay is an employee management solutions provider offering a full range of payroll and HR support services. We take care of the tasks that come with having employees so small business owners can get back to what they love \xe2\x80\x93 their business.  PrimePay is a privately-owned national company, serving all 50 states from over 30 office locations. We offer medical, dental and vision insurance, 401(k) with matching, paid time off, paid holidays, life insurance and STD/LTD.'
b" Overview The Quality Systems Manager will use analytical, technical and organizational skills and experience to facilitate the identification, design and implementation of process and systems solutions in a rapidly growing and evolving regulated business. Responsibilities Works with the business to identify opportunities for improvement in business operations and processes. Involved in the design or modification of Global Quality Systems, processes, and/or IT systems. Gathers, documents, and analyzes business needs and requirements. Solves business problems and, as needed, designs technical solutions to ensure an efficient, effective and compliant Quality System.Documents the functional and, sometimes, technical design of the system.Interacts with system architects and developers to ensure IT systems are properly implemented. Helps test the system and create system documentation and user manuals.Drive processes and tools harmonization within the business ensuring best practices are established and standardized throughout the Valeant Global Quality System.Project management to drive prioritized initiatives through implementation.Shape and implement a roadmap for Global Quality Systems and processes, ensuring alignment within the strategic portfolioDefine and implement harmonized and standardized processes across the Valeant businesses to drive business and departmental results.Key Relationships: Individual contributor working with the Quality Leadership team to establish and maintain an effective, efficient and compliant Global Quality System. Qualifications Bachelor's Degree required with preference in Quality Operations, or equivalent/Advanced degree/MBA preferredMinimum Eight (8) years of relevant experience required in medical device and pharmaceutical manufacturing organization. Strong preference for expertise in Medical Device manufacturing.Project management experience, including scoping, planning, execution and resource managementExperience with Process Excellence/Six Sigma tools, training and/or certification is requiredHighly proficient with Microsoft Excel, Word, Power Point, Project and Access RequiredAbility to lead and influence requiredExperience successfully implementing change across multiple organizations with cross functional stakeholders is preferredFamiliar with best practices, benchmarks and latest trends regarding business plan processes preferredAbility to develop, master and maintain complex technology skills, with demonstrated experience as a subject matter expert is requiredGlobal experience is preferredThis position will require up to 30% travel both domestic and internationalStrong technical writing skills"
b"Prudential Advisorsis Prudential's nationwide sales organization.The Manager, Financial Services (MFS) is responsible for the recruitment, selection, development, retention, success, and supervision of new financial professionals and Financial Professional Associates (FPA). The MFS is the immediate supervisor for the organization's approach to a relationship based, life cycle, sales and advice process. Key aspects of this approach include:\xc2\xb7 Training and coaching new financial professionals and FPAs.\xc2\xb7 Driving for results and providing strategic leadership to meet production standards\xc2\xb7 Achieving recruiting and retention goalsRecruiting and RetentionAn effective MFS strengthens the Agency\xe2\x80\x99s position through recruitment and retention of new financial professionals.\xc2\xb7 Achieve recruiting and retention goals by identifying and hiring individuals reflective of the FPA profile.\xc2\xb7 Identify and develop relationships with key nominator sources\xc2\xb7 Participates in selection interviews\xc2\xb7 Adhere to recruiting and selection guidelines\xc2\xb7 Meet recruiting diversity guidelines.Performance ManagementAn effective MFS strengthens the Agency\xe2\x80\x99s performance through development of financial professionals and FPAs including:\xc2\xb7 Create and monitor staff goals; collaborate with Manager, Agency Training to achieve 90& pass rate for licensing and registration exams, and partner with financial professionals and FPAs to develop goals and business plans.\xc2\xb7 Coach and counsel financial professionals and FPAs who are not reaching their targets.\xc2\xb7 Monitor financial professionals and FPA activity and adhere to Franchise Model with emphasis during FPAs comprehensive training and development program.The Prudential Insurance Company of America, one of the Prudential Financial Companies, is looking for men and women with leadership skills who are ready for a potentially more rewarding career. We\xe2\x80\x99re seeking individuals with these attributes.\xc2\xb7 Business Ethics & Compliance Awareness\xc2\xb7 Excellent time management /organizational skills\xc2\xb7 Self Confident\xc2\xb7 Takes Initiative\xc2\xb7 Proven coaching and development skills\xc2\xb7 Series 6 & 26 registrations, Life/Health license & P&C License\xc2\xb7 Variable license where required\xc2\xb7 Strong leadership skills (5-10 years)\xc2\xb7 Persistence and Resilience\xc2\xb7 Autonomy (ability to work independently)\xc2\xb7 Proven sales influence and persuasion\xc2\xb7 Satisfaction and pride in working hard; setting high personal standards for performanceAny applicant selected for this position will be required to submit to an extensive background screening and a credit check. Failure to comply will eliminate an applicant from consideration for this position. Any negative information obtained as a result of the background screening may result in the disqualification of the applicant from this and any other position in Prudential, including their current position if they are an internal applicant.Property and Casualty policies are issued by insurers that are not affiliates or subsidiaries of Prudential Financial. Availability varies by carrier and state. The Prudential Insurance Company of America and its affiliates are Prudential Financial companies located in Newark, NJ. Securities offered through Pruco Securities, LLC."
b' Seeking FT Maintenance Technicians for daily resident service calls, facilities oversight and basic operational, janitorial and other maintenance duties at two properties. These are safe, secure and high quality and well managed affordable housing properties located in Lawrenceville, NJ and Trenton City, NJ. We do not tolerate crime, pests, trouble or trash. Individuals should be highly organized and capable of self managing. Willing to work with full attention to detail and a sene of service. Positions have opportunity for growth or promotion and for learning, innovative problem solving and skill building -- these positions will shadow and work under a Maintenance Superintendent and help to maintain an apartment complex or complexes in AS NEW condition as much as possible. We will do our best to place candidates within easy commute of their current home location. All Maintenance personnel are required to provide on call and emergency service as part of the duties and should therefore live within a 30 minute drive of the property location and should be willing to implement and execute any/ all tasks related to maintenance - including taking care of exterior property appearance, inspections, completion of punchlist items, timely work order service, quality make-ready program, and cost-effective inventory control of the propertyGeneral apartment maintenance experience, knowledge of appliance repair, light carpentry, plumbing and electrical knowledge, knowledge of safety procedures, safety conscious, steady and dependable, ability to work with pressure of deadlines, and ability to flex work schedule to accommodate after hour and weekend emergencies. Black Seal Boiler License may be required in some circumstances.Physical Requirements: Extensive mobility and excellent physical condition. Ability to lift 100 lbs. necessary for installation and removal of appliances. Ability to operate all necessary hand tools to make repairs. Ability to kneel, crouch, climb, crawl, etc. to reach items in need of repairs. Ability to drive to and from job sites. Tolerance to all extremes of hot and cold weather, as may be necessary.Tools: Must be knowledgeable and skilled in the safe use and maintenance of the following:Hand tools: Various wrenches, screwdrivers, grips, sledge hammer, hammer, snips, post hole diggers, saws, etc.Power Tools: Wrenches, grinder, sander, drill, saws, etc.User-Moved Aids: Wheelbarrows, dollies, hand trucks, buckets, hoists, jacks, stepladders, full ladders, double ladders.Mechanical Equipment: Motors, pumps, compressors, blowers, electric and handpowered augers, etc.Measuring Devices: Voltmeters, ohmmeters, testing meters, PH tests, etc.Basic carpentry work such as fitting door frames, replacing windows, sanding floors, etcKnowledge about water, gas, meter cutoffs and sewer clearingsRepair of concrete, masonry, roof and fencing as required Overtime: As needed for emergencies.Applicants will be asked to complete an application and test battery to assess basic maintenance knowledge. TO APPLY GO TO: http://www.ondemandassessment.com/verify/apply/RDRSSyq/hbETDCEw'
b'New Brunswick High School Physics Tutoring Jobs. Get paid twice weekly tutoring high school level physics in New Brunswick. Apply today for tutoring opportunities on the Varsity Tutors platform. Tutors set their own schedules, choose the opportunities that interest them, and can tutor in-person or online.'
b" Do you enjoy physical indoor/outdoor work, talking with people, providing customer service and learning new technologies? Are you seeking an opportunity where you have independence, confidence, and control your success? Are you a natural leader who is adaptable and willing to learn new skills? Then being a DISH Satellite TV Technician/Installer is your calling. At DISH, we invest in our Satellite TV Installers/Technicians. We provide classroom and on-the-job training as well as a van, tools, and uniforms. Our Satellite TV Technicians/Installers are responsible for multiple customer visits daily which could include completing site surveys, installing satellite equipment, ensuring a quality broadband internet connection and educating our customers on our award-winning DISH Satellite TV services. Bring your computer, electrical, maintenance/repair, general labor, cable, military, customer service and/or customer relationship experience to DISH!  Whats in it for you?  $14.75 / hour  DISH provides our technicians with paid training, uniforms, cutting edge tools, a fuel card, and a vehicle  Progressive incentive program for providing additional solutions to customers - As you earn points, you may choose from thousands of rewards such as digital tablets, riding lawn mowers, or even airfare to Hawaii!  An opportunity to earn additional bi-weekly incentive pay through achieving your performance goals!  Have 3 days off per week we schedule our technicians to work 4-day work weeks  Highly independent work with unparalleled promotional opportunities  Comprehensive benefits package including complimentary DISH Network service, paid time off, medical, dental, and vision insurance, 401K, employee stock purchase program, and tuition reimbursement Satellite TV Installers/Technician Primary Responsibilities: Conducting site surveys - determine the best positioning of our equipment for strongest signal reception  Installing cutting edge technology - place mounts, satellite dishes and receivers while ensuring broadband connectivity  Educating customers - review order with the customer and teach them the basics to use and enjoy their new service and equipment  Providing Dish Smart Home Services - successful technicians offer our customers additional services and products while earning incentives and building new skill sets that will propel them into the future of in-home services delivery  For more information, please click here  Skills - Experience and Requirements  A successful Satellite TV Installer/Technician will have the following:  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  High energy, being resourceful, and strong multi-tasking skills  Basic computer skills; basic electronics and/or audio/video knowledge is helpful.  Strong customer service skills; friendly, approachable and motivated with a strong work ethic and high degree of integrity.  Ability to stand for long periods of time on a ladder, lift over 70 lbs at times, crawl into small spaces, work in all climates and remain within the individual weight requirement of 335 lbs.  Willingness to work flexible schedules including weekends, holidays and evenings.  High school diploma or GED preferred; college or technical/vocational school a plus.  Must possess a valid driver's license in the State you are seeking employment in, with a driving record that meets DISH's minimum safety standard.  Cable industry experience is a plus.  Our Home-Based Satellite TV Installer/Technicians are required to have the following:  Minimum 5x5x10 covered and secured area at technician residence.  Computer with broadband internet.  Ability to plug in all DISH Network chargeable devices.  Dedicated off street parking at technician residence.  Ground floor access for equipment (preferred)."
b" As the nations leading bottled water company, Nestl\xc3\xa9 Waters North America is dedicated to providing customers with healthy hydration options. Alongside that, were also committed to developing our people enabling them to make the most of the many elements that help them to succeed.  Nestl\xc3\xa9 Waters consists of four business units: Corporate, Retail, Supply Chain and ReadyRefresh by Nestl\xc3\xa9. Whichever one of these areas you choose to join, youll find yourself collaborating with a highly talented team on work thats challenging, engaging and incredibly rewarding. Youll be an essential element of our success: trusted, empowered and supported to make a lasting impact on the very future of our business. Its a chance to use your knowledge, skills and experience to shine brightly and achieve your ambitions all while delivering healthy hydration to millions of customers.  The Route Relief Driver/Specialist (RRS) function is to effectively service all routed customers, provide pre-ordered products and to 'up-sell' additional products of interest. This position specifically covers open routes, each day, to cover for the branch or zone. Each route and delivery day is unique and entails an average of 40-70 stops per day servicing residential, retail and commercial customers. The primary role of the RRS is to effectively service all customers in a safe and productive manner. Desired candidates have highly-developed interaction skills and demonstrate a commitment to providing exceptional customer service. Want to know more? Link to ourhttp://www.view-career-video.com/videos/nestle Route Sales/Delivery Representative Career Video to receive a preview of this great opportunity!Successful Candidates Will Possess:Strong team player with leadership skills and ability.Ability to problem solve and manage conflict within a teamWillingness to participate in the mentoring of new hires as assigned.A willingness and ability to operate a commercial vehicle in a manner that ensures personal and public safety.The ability to enter and exit a commercial vehicle safely on average 70-80 times per day.The ability to repeatedly lift and carry up to 45 pounds safely, on average 200 times per day.The ability and desire to work outdoors in various types of weather.The ability to demonstrate a strong Customer Service orientation.Is able to effectively interact with others, be a team player and solve conflict effectively while having strong verbal communication skills.QualificationsKey Qualifications:High School diploma, GED, or equivalent work experience.Ability to secure and maintain CDL Class B license with airbrake endorsement.Currently posess a Class B CDL.Must have prior experience as a supervisor/leader.Motor Vehicle Record - in the last 3 years only 1 license, no driving-related suspension, revocation or cancellation, no disqualifying offenses, no more than 2 moving violations and no reckless driving incidents.Motor Vehicle Record (last 7 years) - no major driving offenses including DUI/DWI, reckless driving, refusal to test, leaving the scene, driving a commercial vehicle without a CDL, or at-fault fatal incident.Must be 21 years of age or older [DOT requirement].Who We Are: Nestl\xc3\xa9 Waters North America is the nations leading bottled water company. Our water brands include Poland Spring, Arrowhead, Ozarka, Deer Park, Zephyrhills and Ice Mountain, Nestl\xc3\xa9 Pure Life, S. Pellegrino, Perrier and Acqua Panna. Our tea brand is Nestea. Were passionate about creating shared value for society in all kinds of ways: from providing careers and benefits to communities where we operate to environmental stewardship most notably responsible water management, lightweight packaging and advancing recycling in America. As a valuable part of our team, youll receive a competitive total rewards package something that will provide you with the support you need to thrive both inside and outside of work. Its not just the work that youll find fulfilling here though. As you build a career with us, youll receive exactly the kind of benefits youd expect from a leading name in healthy hydration. The only question is, what elements will help you succeed at Nestl\xc3\xa9 Waters? Equal Opportunity Employer  M/F/D/A/V Keywords: route, route delivery, delivery, driver, leader, leadership, driving, sales, sales driver, delivery driver, customer service, lifting, CDL, selling, Class B, local driver, driving jobs, truck driver jobs, truck driving, nwna careers, nestle waters careers, nestle water jobs, nestle waters careersThe Nestl\xc3\xa9 Companies are equal employment and affirmative action employers and looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment."
